KC - Introduction to Cloud Computing
1. What is a computer program?
 A device that is connected to the Internet
 A document that describes how to build software
 A set of instructions that tells the system how to perform a specific task ✅
 An interface for interacting with a device such as a laptop or a mobile phone
2. What is the role of the motherboard in a computer system?
 It displays information on the screen.
 It runs a set of instructions.
 It connects all the components. ✅
 It stores data.
3. Which components are a physical part of a computer system? (Select TWO.)
 Web application server
 Motherboard ✅
 Database server
 Network card ✅
 Operating system
4. Which statements describe random access memory (RAM)? (Select TWO.)
 It holds data persistently.
 It can be accessed quickly. ✅
 It holds data temporarily. ✅
 It is made to store applications, documents, and programs.
 It can be a hard disk drive (HDD) or a solid state drive (SSD).
5. Which of the following are examples of operating systems? (Select TWO.)
 MySQL Server
 Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2)
 Amazon Linux 2 ✅
 iOS ✅
 Oracle
KC - Basic Computing Concepts
1. Which server receives Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) requests from clients and uses HTTP to send pages or resources back to the requester?
 Web server ✅
 Database server
 Mail server
 Virtual server
2. Which statements describe the benefits of virtualization? (Select TWO.)
 Implementing virtual machines can reduce resiliency.
 Virtual machines can reduce the amount of wasted computing resources from underutilized servers. ✅
 A virtual machine does not require an operating system.
 Multiple virtual machines can be run on a single physical computer. ✅
 All hardware or software can be virtualized.
3. Which phases are part of the software development life cycle (SDLC)? (Select TWO.)
 Convert
 Protect
 Analyze ✅
 Plan ✅
 Migrate
4. Which of the following are examples of a database management system (DBMS)? (Select TWO.)
 Virtual server
 Data center
 Linux
 Oracle ✅
 MySQL ✅
5. Which AWS service provides the ability to host virtual machines?
 AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)
 Amazon S3
 Amazon VPC
 Amazon EC2 ✅
KC - Development Team Roles
1. Which job roles are part of a development team? (Select TWO.)
 Product marketing manager
 Software developer ✅
 Project manager ✅
 Technical support engineer
 Systems administrator
2. Which job role writes code and runs initial tests to confirm that the product works?
 Database administrator
 Software developer ✅
 Analyst
 Quality assurance engineer
3. Which job role maintains a list of different types of tests and runs all tests to verify that each product release works?
 Software developer
 Analyst
 Database administrator
 Quality assurance engineer ✅
4. What are the responsibilities of the database administrator? (Select TWO.)
 Configure access to the data. ✅
 Write acceptance criteria for the program.
 Create a project plan.
 Secure the data. ✅
 Test the product.
5. What are the responsibilities of the project manager? (Select TWO.)
 Convert requirements into tasks.
 Develop a project plan. ✅
 Write acceptance criteria to measure the successful completion of the application.
 Gather requirements from clients.
 Assign tasks to team members. ✅
KC - What is Cloud Computing?
1. Which statement describes cloud computing?
 It delivers information technology (IT) resources on demand. ✅
 It delivers resources to manage data only.
 It provides services under a fixed-price contract.
 It requires the customer to maintain their own hardware.
2. Which scenario is an example of software as a service (SaaS) in cloud computing?
 The developer deploys code to the cloud environment maintained by the third- party vendor.
 The developer maintains virtual servers, operating systems, and data for more control over resources.
 The third-party vendor manages the procurement of resources and the application. The developer is responsible for the application content. ✅
 The developer manages the updates, patches, and procurement of resources. The third-party vendor is responsible for only the hardware.
3. A software developer is focused on deploying code that runs on the AWS Cloud. Which cloud service model does this developer use?
 Software as a service (SaaS)
 Hybrid model
 Platform as a service (PaaS) ✅
 Infrastructure as a service (laaS)
4. Which cloud service model gives the user more control over information technology (IT) resources, such as access to networking features, computers (either virtual or on dedicated hardware), and data storage space?
 Software as a service (SaaS)
 Infrastructure as a service (IaaS) ✅
 Platform as a service (PaaS)
 Hybrid model
5. A company has an on-premises data center and also runs a portion of its infrastructure in the cloud. Which cloud computing deployment model describes this scenario?
 Hybrid cloud ✅
 Public cloud
 Private cloud
 Dedicated cloud
KC - Advantages of Cloud Computing
1. What are benefits of trading fixed expense for variable expense? (Select TWO.)
 Paying for only how much is consumed ✅
 Purchasing property and buildings as needed
 Paying only when computing resources are consumed ✅
 Purchasing physical servers as needed
 Being able to invest in data centers based on forecast
2. What does the concept of massive economies of scale mean in terms of cloud computing?
 Savings can be passed on to customers when more customers use AWS. ✅
 Savings can be passed on to customers when AWS builds more data centers.
 The cost of cloud computing is reduced when customers use scaling services.
 Cloud computing has a lower variable cost when the economy is good.
3. What is an advantage of cloud computing?
 Fixed cost of computing resource usage
 Increased investment in data centers
 Increased speed and agility ✅
 Complete control of infrastructure
4. What is a benefit of developing in a cloud environment?
 The cloud environment provides the data used to test an application.
 The time needed to access computing resources is reduced. ✅
 A developer needs little programming skills to create complex applications.
 The cloud environment automatically finds errors in an application's code.
5. What does the phrase "go global in minutes" mean?
 Users can access developer resources from around the world to speed up their projects.
 Users can instantly have customers from around the world added to their AWS account.
 Users can share their computing resources in one AWS Region with other Regions.
 Users can deploy their solutions in multiple AWS Regions around the world with a few clicks. ✅
KC - What is Amazon Web Services?
1. Which cloud computing model gives a user the ability to immediately use a service without having to run or manage any resources?
 Platform as a service (PaaS)
 Infrastructure as a service (laaS)
 Software as a service (SaaS) ✅
 Containers as a service (CaaS)
2. Which statement describes AWS?
 AWS delivers web services through third-party cloud providers.
 AWS is a web retailer that sells millions of products at a competitive cost.
 AWS is a secure cloud services provider that offers many services to help businesses scale and grow. ✅
 AWS provides on-premises infrastructure that supports all types and sizes of businesses.
3. Which categories of services does AWS provide? (Select TWO.)
 Medical
 Compute ✅
 Financial
 Insurance
 Storage ✅
4. Which tools can customers use to create and manage resources in the AWS Cloud? (Select THREE.)
 AWS Direct Connect
 AWS Management Console ✅
 AWS CLI ✅
 AWS Fargate
 AWS software development kits (SDKs) ✅
 Amazon Aurora
5. Which resource does the AWS documentation provide?
 Tutorials and projects ✅
 Training course materials
 Programming language guides
 Support contacts
KC - Fundamentals of AWS Pricing
1. Which types of data transfer are free for Amazon S3? (Select TWO.)
 Inbound data transfer from Amazon EC2 to Amazon S3 across different Regions
 Outbound data transfer from Amazon S3 to Amazon CloudFront in the same Region ✅
 Outbound data transfer from Amazon S3 to Amazon EC2 across different Regions
 Outbound data transfer from Amazon S3 to the internet
 Inbound data transfer from the internet to Amazon S3 ✅
2. Which payment options are available for most Amazon EC2 Reserved Instances? (Select THREE.)
 No Upfront payment ✅
 Partial Upfront payment ✅
 All Upfront payment ✅
 Hourly payment
 Installment payment
 Quarterly payment
3. Which statements describe the benefits of using the AWS Pricing Calculator? (Select THREE.)
 It estimates monthly services costs. ✅
 It can help identify opportunities for cost reduction. ✅
 It offers a set of default reports that provides insight into cost drivers and usage trends.
 It gives customers the ability to create annual, quarterly, monthly, or even daily budgets depending on their business needs.
 It gives customers the ability to set a custom time period and view data usage at monthly or daily levels.
 It gives customers the ability to create estimates for their AWS use cases. ✅
4. Which categories are fundamental drivers of cost with AWS? (Select THREE.)
 Service termination fees
 Networking and content delivery
 Storage ✅
 Hardware purchases
 Compute ✅
 Data transfer ✅
5. Which AWS service can customers use to create estimates, share an estimate by a unique link, and revisit any estimates directly through a browser?
 AWS Cloud Economics Center
 AWS Trusted Advisor
 AWS Cost Explorer
 AWS Pricing Calculator ✅
KC - AWS Infrastructure Overview
1. Which capability is the AWS Global Infrastructure designed and built to deliver?
 Points of presence in all countries of the world
 The same service cost structure in all Regions
 Scalability ✅
 Internet access
2. What is an Availability Zone?
 All data centers in a 100-mile radius
 One or more data centers that are built with fault isolation ✅
 An isolated geographical area
 Data centers that are without fault isolation because they are grouped together
3. What is an AWS Region?
 A group of data centers in a 100-mile radius
 A single data center
 A geographical area in the world ✅
 A geographical area in the United States
4. How many Availability Zones are in an AWS Region?
 One to two
 Two or more
 A minimum of three ✅
 Four or more
5. What is Amazon CloudFront?
 A service that works with third-party providers to deliver content in the end user's local language
 A global content delivery network (CDN) that delivers content to end users with reduced latency ✅
 A content delivery network (CDN) that delivers content in a single geographical location
 A dedicated network that delivers content to end users that are in the same Availability Zone
KC - AWS Services and Service Categories
1. Which services are in the AWS storage category? (Select TWO.)
 Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS)
 Amazon EC2
 AWS Lambda
 Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) ✅
 Amazon S3 ✅
2. An administrator wants to create new users for their AWS account and assign permissions to these users. Which service should the administrator use?
 Amazon Route 53
 AWS Organizations
 Amazon EC2
 AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) ✅
3. Which of the following are AWS service categories? (Select TWO.)
 Amazon Route 53
 Compute ✅
 Availability Zones
 Data warehouse
 Security, Identity, and Compliance ✅
4. Which compute service makes it possible for users to create virtual machines in the cloud?
 Amazon EC2 ✅
 AWS Elastic Beanstalk
 AWS Batch
 AWS Lambda
5. Which service can customers use to provision a logically isolated section of the AWS Cloud to establish a virtual network?
 Amazon Aurora
 Amazon Route 53
 Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS)
 Amazon VPC ✅
KC - Shared Responsibility Model
1. What is AWS responsible for according to the AWS shared responsibility model?
 Security of the cloud ✅
 Security outside the cloud
 Security in the cloud
 Security in and of the cloud
2. Which area of concern does the AWS shared responsibility model address in addition to security?
 Compliance ✅
 Cost
 Performance
 Availability
3. Which task is the customer responsible for according to the AWS shared responsibility model?
 Securing the physical building where the servers are running
 Applying operating system security updates to the servers that run an AWS managed service
 Ensuring that users have entered a user ID and password before they use an application ✅
 Isolating the virtual server instances in the infrastructure
4. Which cloud computing model requires the customer to be more involved in managing infrastructure security?
 Infrastructure as a service (IaaS) ✅
 Platform as a service (PaaS)
 Containers as a service (CaaS)
 Software as a service (SaaS)
5. Which cloud computing model requires AWS to manage infrastructure security in its totality?
 Software as a service (SaaS) ✅
 Platform as a service (PaaS)
 Infrastructure as a service (laaS)
 Containers as a service (CaaS)
KC - Introduction to Amazon S3
1. What property uniquely identifies an object in an Amazon S3 bucket?
 Object value
 Object key ✅
 Metadata
 Version
2. How many 9s of durability is Amazon S3 designed to provide?
 08 9s (99.999999)
 11 9s (99.999999999) ✅
 4 9s (99.99)
 6 9s (99.9999)
3. A financial company wants to use the lowest-cost Amazon S3 solution for long-term storage. They will need to access their data only once or twice a year. Which Amazon S3 storage class should they choose?
 S3 Glacier Deep Archive ✅
 S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA)
 S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA)
 S3 Standard
4. Which action incurs a cost when using Amazon S3?
 Transferring data into Amazon S3
 Transferring data out of Amazon S3 and into Amazon CloudFront
 Transferring data that is larger than 5 MB into Amazon S3
 Transferring data out to other AWS Regions ✅
5. Which statements describe Amazon S3? (Select TWO.)
 Bucket names are universal, and they must be unique across all existing bucket names in Amazon S3. ✅
 By default, data that is stored in an S3 bucket is public, and this setting must be turned off to make the data private.
 It can be used for static web hosting. ✅
 Bucket names are specific to the AWS account, and they must be unique within each AWS account.
 It can be used for dynamic web hosting.
KC - Introduction to Amazon EC2
1. Which statement describes the Amazon EC2 service?
 It is a solution that gives customers the ability to deploy their application to run on AWS.
 It provides virtual machines that run on AWS. ✅
 It provides containers to run applications on AWS.
 It is a serverless compute service.
2. A developer wants to run an application that loads a large amount of data into memory on an Amazon EC2 instance. Which instance type should the developer choose to achieve the best performance?
 Accelerated computing
 General purpose
 Compute optimized
 Memory optimized ✅
3. Which of the following actions preserves the data on an Amazon EC2 instance that uses an instance store as root volume?
 Terminate
 Reboot ✅
 Stop
 Hibernate
4. Which of the following statements are true about security groups for Amazon EC2 instances? (Select TWO.)
 They allow all outbound traffic by default. ✅
 An EC2 instance can use only one security group.
 They allow all inbound traffic by default.
 They support adding rules that allow traffic from specified sources. ✅
 They support adding rules that deny traffic from specified sources.
5. A company needs to run an application that is fault tolerant and tolerates interruptions on AWS. Which pricing model would best fit their requirements and help them lower costs as much as possible?
 Dedicated Instances
 On-Demand Instances
 Spot Instances ✅
 Reserved Instances