Networking
KC - Introduction to Networking
1. Which statement describes a computer network?
 A computer network is a collection of services that run in the cloud.
 A computer network is a group of computers that are physically connected to each other through a cable.
 A computer network is a collection of routers and switches that share data with each other.
 A computer network is a collection of computing devices that are logically connected to communicate and share resources. ✅
2. What is the role of a server in the client-server computing model?
 The server does not have a role.
 The server stores responses to a request from the client.
 The server requests the response from the client.
 The server responds to a request from the client. ✅
3. On which layer of the Open Systems Interconnection (OSI) model is data considered a message or a frame?
 Layer 1
 Layer 4
 Layer 3
 Layer 2 ✅
4. Which statement describes a Media Access Control (MAC) address and how it's used by a network interface card (NIC)?
 It is an identifier that can be re-assigned or changed. The NIC uses it to identify data about the sender and the receiver.
 It is an identifier that can't be changed. The NIC uses it to identify only the sender.
 It is a unique physical identifier that's assigned by the manufacturer. The NIC uses it to identify data about the sender and the receiver. ✅
 It is a unique logical identifier. The NIC uses it to identify data about the sender and the receiver.
5. Which device transmits incoming data to the receiving device by using only Media Access Control (MAC) addresses?
 Switch ✅
 Hub
 Firewall
 Peer
KC - Networking Concepts
1. Which statement accurately describes the function of a local area network (LAN) and a wide area network (WAN)?
 A LAN connects nodes and hosts over a large geographical area. A WAN connects nodes and hosts within a geographically limited area.
 A LAN connects nodes and hosts within a geographically limited area. A WAN connects multiple LANs to create a more expansive network that can cover large geographical areas, such as cities. ✅
 A LAN connects servers, but a WAN connects computer devices.
 A LAN is used for wired networks, but a WAN is used for wireless networks.
2. Consider the similarities between traditional network topologies and AWS services. Which of the following is not an AWS service comparable to a traditional network topology if these similarities are compared?
 Security groups and network access control lists (network ACLs)
 AWS Transit Gateway ✅
 Internet gateway
 Route tables
 Subnets
3. Which is the most common hybrid topology used today?
 Bus topology
 Star-bus topology ✅
 Mesh topology
 Star topology
4. Which statement describes a connectionless protocol?
 It will wait for a response from the destination when data is sent.
 It sends a message to the destination without ensuring that the destination is available. ✅
 It is known as Transmission Control Protocol (TCP).
 It is known for its reliability and large overhead.
5. Which statement describes a connection-oriented protocol?
 It is known as User Datagram Protocol (UDP).
 It doesn't require a session between the sender and receiver.
 Its best used for transmissions that rely on speed and not reliability.
 It creates a session between the sender and the receiver. ✅
KC - Internet Protocol [IP]
1. Which device should be assigned a static IP address?
 A printer ✅
 A mobile phone
 A work computer that is turned on
 A personal laptop that a network engineer occasionally brings to work
2. A network has the following IP address range: 10.0.0.0-10.255.255.255. Which IP address is the network's broadcast address?
 10.255.255.255 ✅
 10.0.0.1
 10.0.0.254
 10.0.255.254
3. A network engineer wants to separate a network from the internet and from other networks. Which IP address type should the engineer use?
 Private IP address ✅
 Static IP address
 Dynamic IP address
 Public IP address
4. How many bits are in an IPv4 address?
 32 bits ✅
 8 bits
 16 bits
 4 bits
5. Which statement describes the purpose of a port number?
 A port number is used to uniquely identify a physical device on a network.
 A port number assigns a number to an IP address.
 The port number does not serve a purpose.
 When a port number is combined with an IP address, it uniquely identifies a source or a destination for data communication. ✅
KC - Amazon VPC
1. Which statement describes Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC)?
 It is a highly available and scalable Domain Name System (DNS) web service.
 It is used to manage only public networks in the AWS Cloud.
 It is an on-premises network.
 It enables you to create a private network in the AWS Cloud. ✅
2. Which resource must be specified when creating a virtual private cloud (VPC)?
 Linux system
 IP address range ✅
 Elastic Load Balancing load balancer
 Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instance
3. Which resource would benefit from being in a private subnet?
 An Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instance hosting a website with a public IP address that must be accessed from the internet
 A public website
 A company site that requires both external access and internal access from the public and its employees
 A database ✅
4. What is the purpose of a route table?
 It determines where all traffic is directed outside the virtual private cloud (VPC).
 It determines where network traffic is directed within the virtual private cloud (VPC). ✅
 It is responsible for only the network traffic in a subnet.
 It limits traffic by allowing only specified IP addresses.
5. Which statement describes a security group?
 It acts as a stateless firewall that controls inbound traffic only.
 It acts as a stateful firewall that controls inbound network traffic and outbound network traffic. ✅
 It acts as a stateful firewall that allows all traffic by default.
 It acts as a stateless firewall that controls outbound network traffic only.
KC - IP Subnetting
1. What are some reasons for creating a subnet? (Select TWO.)
 To add additional IP addresses to an existing subnet
 To reduce network traffic ✅
 To allocate a specific static IP address
 To divide a network into smaller, more efficient subnets ✅
 To reduce the number of networks to manage
2. Which IP address class provides for the most hosts?
 Class D
 Class A ✅
 Class B
 Class C
3. Which Classless Inter-Domain Routing (CIDR) notation defines the smallest range of IP addresses, where x represents a digit?
 xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx/16
 xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx/31 ✅
 xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx/24
 xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx/8
4. An administrator creates a subnet with a Classless Inter-Domain Routing (CIDR) range of 10.0.0.0/24. How many IP addresses can the administrator assign to hosts in this subnet?
 256 ✅
 1,024
 24
 512
5. Which statement describes a subnet mask?
 It defines the hosts in a network that have a static IP address.
 It hides the broadcast address in an IP address range.
 It is used to make a subnet private.
 It defines which section of an IP address identifies the network and which section of an IP address identifies the hosts. ✅
KC - Additional Networking Protocols
1. Which protocols are used to secure web applications? (Select TWO.)
 Transport Layer Security (TLS) ✅
 Wi-Fi Protected Access (WPA2)
 Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) ✅
 Hypertext Transfer Text Protocol (HTTP)
 File Transfer Protocol (FTP)
2. Which statements regarding HTTP are true? (Select TWO.)
 HTTP is more secure then HTTPS.
 The default port number for HTTP is 80. ✅
 The default port number for HTTP is 443.
 HTTP works on layer 5 of the OSI model
 HTTP is a client-server protocol. ✅
3. Which messages are included in a TCP handshake? (Select THREE.)
 Repeat
 Finalized (FYN)
 Resend
 Acknowledge (ACK) ✅
 SYN/ACK ✅
 Synchronize (SYN) ✅
4. A network administrator is troubleshooting a network and wants to analyze packets to view TCP/IP and other packet information that is being transmitted or received over the network. Which command should the network administrator use?
 netstat
 whoami
 tcpdump ✅
 ifconfig
5. Which remote desktop protocol is popular with remote support technicians and is a proprietary Microsoft protocol?
 Independent Computing Architecture (ICA)
 Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP) ✅
 Remote Framebuffer (RFB)
 Virtual Network Computing (VNC)
KC - Additional Networking Technologies
1. Devices communicate with cloud services by using various technologies and protocols. Which option do devices not use to communicate with cloud services?
 Wi-Fi or broadband internet
 Post Office Protocol (POP) ✅
 Long-range Wide Area Network (LoRaWAN)
 Broadband cellular data
 Narrow-band cellular data
2. Which communication protocols does AWS IoT Core use to communicate with devices? (Select TWO.)
 Wired Equivalent Privacy (WEP)
 Wi-Fi Protected Access (WPA)
 MQ Telemetry Transport (MQTT) ✅
 Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure (HTTPS) ✅
 Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP)
3. What is the goal of the Internet of Things (IoT)?
 Provide a secure and robust network of household appliances to facilitate instant adjustments to operate parameters to ensure efficiency.
 Establish a one-stop wireless connectivity solution that incorporates all wireless devices, both at home and on the road.
 Make devices that can connect to the internet to report data, be monitored, or be remotely controlled. ✅
 Allow everyday objects-such as refrigerators or heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (HVAC) systems—to take on dual roles as network devices, such as wireless access points, switches, and routers.
4. Which solutions facilitate enterprise mobility for businesses that support remote- working options? (Select TWO.)
 Device gateways
 Bring your own device (BYOD) ✅
 Long-range Wide Area Network (LoRaWAN)
 Internet of Things (IoT)
 Mobile device management (MDM) ✅
5. Which AWS service supports remote work and remote training by providing virtual Microsoft Windows and Linux desktops that can be accessed anywhere and from any device?
 Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC)
 Amazon WorkSpaces ✅
 AWS IoT Core
 Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2)