Security
KC - Introduction to Security
1. What is the role of confidentiality in the confidentiality, integrity, and availability (CIA) triad?
 It ensures that resources have not been tampered with.
 It ensures that resources are accessed by only authorized users access. ✅
 It ensures that resources do not contain private information.
 It ensures that resources are accessible when they are needed.
2. Which security perspective is concerned with ensuring that data sent over a network is not tampered with?
 Availability
 Confidentiality
 Integrity ✅
 Scalability
3. Which type of threat floods a resource with multiple requests from multiple systems?
 Distributed denial of service (DDoS) ✅
 Phishing
 Malware
 Man-in-the-middle
4. Which option is a phase in the security lifecycle?
 Construction
 Deployment
 Prevention ✅
 Provisioning
5. Which option is an example of an administrative security control?
 Acceptable Use Policy document ✅
 Building security camera
 Antivirus software
 Card reader device
KC - Security Lifecycle: Prevention
1. Which of the following tasks are a part of the prevention phase of the security lifecycle? (Select THREE.)
 Restore operations.
 Identify assets to be protected. ✅
 Assess asset vulnerability. ✅
 Remove malware.
 Implement countermeasures. ✅
 Detect security issues.
2. Which AWS service creates an inventory of the Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances in an AWS account?
 Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3)
 AWS Systems Manager ✅
 Amazon EC2
 Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC)
3. What is the benefit of using a layered security prevention strategy to protect a valuable asset?
 The valuable asset moves from one layer to another for better protection.
 The valuable asset is protected by multiple layers of different types of security measures. ✅
 The strategy uses only a single layer, which is easy to implement.
 The strategy repeats the same protective measures in multiple layers for redundant protection.
4. Which of the following are types of security prevention measures? (Select THREE.)
 Performance testing
 Data security controls ✅
 Systems hardening ✅
 Database replication
 System backup
 Network hardening ✅
5. Which statement describes the principle of least privilege in identity management?
 Grant users access to all resources by default.
 Grant users access to only the resources that they request.
 Grant users access to only the resources that they are authorized to access. ✅
 Grant users access to no resources by default.
KC - Network Hardening
1. Which type of security vulnerability exposes protocols and services on a network?
 Traffic sniffing
 Internet protocol (IP) spoofing
 Port scanning ✅
 Network mapping
2. Which protocol should a network administrator disable or secure to protect against network discovery attacks?
 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP)
 Internet Control Message Protocol (ICMP) ✅
 Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP)
 File Transfer Protocol (FTP)
3. Which statement fully describes the purpose of a firewall?
 It filters inbound packet on a network.
 It filters inbound and outbound packets on a network. ✅
 If filters Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) packets on a network.
 It filters outbound packets on a network.
4. Which of the following is a benefit of network segmentation? (Select TWO.)
 It expands the Internet Protocol (IP) address range of a network.
 It protects a network from network mapping attacks.
 It enables signature-based threat detection.
 It allows administrators to apply different security controls to different parts of a network. ✅
 It improves network traffic performance. ✅
5. What is an Amazon Web Services (AWS) security group?
 A group of servers that are configured to protect resources
 A firewall that protects Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances ✅
 A group of users that are allowed to access resources
 An application that is installed on Amazon Elastic Compute cloud (Amazon EC2) instances to protect them
KC - Systems Hardening
1. What is the primary goal of systems hardening?
 To minimize security risks by reducing the set of vulnerabilities that are exposed by a system ✅
 To reduce security risks by setting a schedule of patches, regardless of time, to run once a year
 To keep all devices and services running so that they can run processes and scripts in the background
 To reduce isolated security risks by having as many systems as possible up and running
2. What is a security baseline?
 A starting point for determining what to secure and how to secure a system ✅
 An ending point for determining how to secure a resource
 A starting point that uses an unacceptable condition to determine what to secure
 A way to provide information that is related to company documentation and abnormal conditions
3. Which task helps to harden a system?
 Allowing all permissions for all groups
 Applying patches regularly ✅
 Turning off used services
 Turning on unused services
4. How does physical security contribute to systems hardening?
 Applies updates to web applications and databases
 Secures applications running on a server
 Turns on antivirus and firewalls
 Restricts physical access to facilities through biometrics, CCTV, and so on. ✅
5. Which Amazon Web Services (AWS) tool evaluates your account and provides recommendations to help you follow AWS best practices?
 Amazon GuardDuty
 AWS Shield
 AWS CloudTrail
 AWS Trusted Advisor ✅
KC - Data Security
1. Which term best describes the discipline that embodies the principles and techniques for providing data security?
 Encryption
 Cryptography ✅
 Data integrity
 Decryption
2. Which of the following is an advantage of symmetric encryption?
 It uses both a private key and a public key (a key pair).
 Its key is a shared secret between the sender and the receiver. ✅
 It is considered more secure than asymmetric encryption.
 It has a complex encryption structure.
3. What is the goal of encryption?
 Authentication
 Integrity
 Confidentiality ✅
 Accuracy
4. Which protocols use the hybrid encryption method as a mode of encryption? (Select TWO.)
 Internet Protocol (IP)
 Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) ✅
 Transmission Control Protocol (TCP)
 Hyper-Text Transfer Protocol (HTTP)
 Transport Layer Security (TLS) ✅
5. Who possesses the private key to decrypt an asymmetrically encrypted message?
 Both the sender and recipient of the message
 The recipient of the message ✅
 The sender of the message
 The device that sent the message
KC - Public Key Infrastructure
1. What signs and issues certificates to entities and manages trusts and relationships?
 Registration authorities (RAs)
 Certificates
 Revocation lists
 Certificate authorities (CAs) ✅
2. What is a digital certificate?
 A file that contains security permissions
 A component that encrypts the data exchanged between two communicating entities
 An electronic credential that is used to represent the identity of an individual, computer, or other entity ✅
 An electronic credential that identifies the network used by two communicating entities
3. Which resource is used with Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) and Transport Layer Security (TLS) to establish a secure connection between a client and server?
 Certificate authority (CA)
 Certificate template
 Private key and public key ✅
 Certificate signing request
4. A company's site is giving users an error that the certificate authority (CA) is invalid. What could be the cause of this issue?
 The company's server is down.
 The CA certificate has expired. ✅
 The user is using a root CA.
 The user has a connection issue.
5. How is trust achieved between two parties when using public key infrastructure (PKI) principles?
 Through the exchange of private keys that validate the identities of the parties
 Through public keys and private keys that validate the identities of the parties
 Through the exchange of public keys that validate the identities of the parties ✅
 By an external certificate authority (CA) that validates the identities of the parties
KC - Identity Management
1. What is the goal of authorization in identity management?
 Validating a user's password
 Determining a user's permissions ✅
 Logging a user's access
 Proving a user's identity
2. Which option is an authentication factor for something that you are?
 Passphrase
 USB key
 Fingerprint reader ✅
 Smart card
3. Which type of attack uses a predefined list of words as passwords to attempt to log in to a system?
 Dictionary attack ✅
 Rainbow table attack
 Hash table
 Distributed denial of service (DDoS) attack
4. What format does AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) use to define authorization rules?
 User format
 Group format
 JSON format ✅
 Docker format
5. What is a form of single sign-on in which one account is used for multiple services?
 Federated identities ✅
 Relationship identities
 Directory identities
 Independent identities
KC - AWS IAM
1. What is the goal of identity management?
 Detect security threats and notify users
 Manage the responses to security threats based on user type
 Identify all systems that can be accessed by users
 Administer users and their access permissions ✅
2. Which security steps are performed during a typical login? (Select TWO.)
 Prevention
 Consolidation
 Activation
 Authentication ✅
 Authorization ✅
3. What is an example of an authentication factor?
 Authentication server
 Encryption algorithm
 Firewall policy
 Multi-factor authentication (MFA) ✅
4. Where do you define the actions that may or may not be performed by a user?
 In a permissions document
 In a policy document attached to the user ✅
 In the AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) user settings
 In the settings for the group that the user was added to
5. What is a best practice for identity management?
 Use group accounts.
 Implement password policies. ✅
 Manage passwords manually.
 Avoid single sign-on.
KC - Detection
1. Which infection methods does malware use? (Select TWO.)
 Removable device ✅
 Junk mail
 Untrusted website ✅
 Fingerprint
 Building access card
2. Which option is a countermeasure against malware?
 Scale virtual servers.
 Scan systems regularly. ✅
 Log user access.
 Monitor routers.
3. What is a best practice when using antivirus software?
 Update virus definition files regularly. ✅
 Scan only the computer's memory.
 Report scan findings to the antivirus vendor consistently.
 Switch antivirus programs frequently.
4. Where can you install an intrusion detection system? (Select TWO.)
 On a server ✅
 On a network ✅
 On a firewall
 On a network interface card
 On a router
5. What is a data source that Amazon GuardDuty uses to analyze and detect threats?
 Antivirus scan findings
 Virtual private cloud (VPC) flow logs ✅
 Firewall alerts
 Email notifications
KC - AWS CloudTrail
1. What is AWS CloudTrail?
 A web service that assesses application vulnerabilities
 A web service that controls other Amazon Web Services (AWS) services through application programming interface (API) calls
 A web service that manages users and permissions
 A web service that uses log files to record Amazon Web Service (AWS) events ✅
2. What are the key benefits of AWS CloudTrail? (Select TWO.)
 It improves application security by filtering inbound and outbound data.
 It gives customers the ability to migrate on-premises applications to the Amazon Web Services (AWS) Cloud.
 It simplifies threat detection by detecting malicious activities.
 It simplifies compliance audits by recording activities and events into logs files. ✅
 It provides visibility by recording user and resource activities. ✅
3. Which types of information do AWS CloudTrail events capture when a user performs a service request? (Select TWO.)
 The size of the request in kilobytes (KB)
 The user who performed the request ✅
 The Amazon Web Services (AWS) events that the user request invokes
 The cost of the call to the service
 The IP address where the request originated ✅
4. Which statements are best practices for working with AWS CloudTrail? (Select TWO.)
 Integrate CloudTrail with AWS Lambda.
 Integrate Cloud Trail with Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2).
 Ensure that CloudTrail is available in only one Amazon Web Services (AWS) Region.
 Aggregate log files to a single Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) bucket. ✅
 Turn on file integrity validation for CloudTrail. ✅
5. Why is integrating AWS CloudTrail with Amazon CloudWatch considered a good practice?
 CloudWatch secures access to Cloud Trail log files.
 CloudWatch monitors and reacts to events recorded in CloudTrail log files. ✅
 Users can use CloudWatch to store CloudTrail log files.
 CloudWatch transforms CloudTrail log files into a file format that the user defines.
KC - AWS Config
1. What is AWS Config?
 A tool that logs application programming interface (API) calls to Amazon Web Services (AWS) services in log files
 A tool that helps reduce cost
 A tool that tracks changes to resources ✅
 A tool that provides advice on how to secure networks on Amazon Web Services (AWS)
2. What are features of AWS Config? (Select TWO.)
 Send a notification when a threat to Amazon Web Services (AWS) resources is detected.
 Check for service usage to see the limits of the service.
 Provide users the ability to set up more secure security groups.
 Retrieve inventory of Amazon Web Services (AWS) resources. ✅
 Send notifications when a configuration change has occurred in an Amazon Web Services (AWS) resource. ✅
3. Which tool can customers use to define custom rules for AWS Config?
 AWS CloudFormation
 AWS Lambda ✅
 Amazon API Gateway
 AWS Elastic Beanstalk
4. What are actions that AWS Config takes when a configuration change occurs on an Amazon Web Services (AWS) service? (Select TWO.)
 AWS Config logs and then stores the change in an Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) bucket. ✅
 AWS Config calls AWS CloudTrail to log the change into log files.
 AWS Config corrects the change if it violates an Amazon Web Services (AWS) rule.
 AWS Config uses Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) to send a notification. ✅
 AWS Config calls AWS Trusted Advisor to assess the security level of applications.
5. When is an AWS Config rule associated with a resource evaluated?
 When the resource is started
 When the resource is stopped
 When an AWS Lambda function initiates the evaluation
 When the resource's configuration is changed ✅
KC - Response
1. Which plans are used to minimize the impact of unplanned downtime? (Select TWO.)
 Quality assurance (QA) plan
 Disaster recovery plan (DRP) ✅
 Test plan
 Software management plan
 Business continuity plan (BCP) ✅
2. What is the purpose of a business continuity plan (BCP)?
 To define how to investigate any security event
 To define the recovery time objective (RTO) and the recovery point objective (RPO)
 To define how to recover from an outage loss
 To define how to run the business in a reduced capacity ✅
3. What is the purpose of a disaster recovery plan (DRP)?
 To identify the individuals responsible for the disaster
 To define how to run the business in a reduced capacity after a disaster occurs
 To identify the potential disasters that could befall the business
 To define how to restore business functionality quickly after a disaster occurs ✅
4. Which statements describe the purpose of the recovery point objective (RPO)? (Select TWO.)
 It focuses on recovering only data. ✅
 It establishes the maximum amount of time a resource can be unavailable.
 It defines the work recovery time (WRT).
 It focuses on recovering the entire IT infrastructure.
 It represents how much data loss a business can tolerate. ✅
5. Which of the following disaster recovery options is a minimal version of an environment running in the cloud?
 S3 bucket
 Pilot light ✅
 Replication
 Backup
KC - Analysis
1. Which phase of the security lifecycle reviews what happened after a security breach?
 Detection
 Response
 Prevention
 Analysis ✅
2. Which step is performed during root cause analysis (RCA)?
 Establish a timeline starting with baseline operations and ending with the problem's occurrence. ✅
 Implement preventative measures to protect resources.
 Describe the actions to perform when a problem occurs.
 Establish a projection for when business will return to normal.
3. What is a benefit of monitoring and logging?
 It increases application performance.
 It corrects security threats.
 It prevents security threats.
 It provides the data that is used for problem identification. ✅
4. A company has just recovered from a Trojan horse security breach and is performing a security analysis. Which questions should the company ask during the analysis? (Select TWO.)
 How did the breach happen? ✅
 How should the breach be reported to the public?
 Who is the manager that allowed the breach to happen?
 Can the company file charges against the attacker?
 How could the breach have been prevented? ✅
5. What does a monitoring policy define? (Select TWO.)
 Where is the policy stored?
 When is the policy approved?
 Who reviews the policy?
 Which resources are monitored? ✅
 Who performs the monitoring? ✅
KC - Trusted Advisor
1. Which of the following are categories in which AWS Trusted Advisor provides recommendations? (Select TWO.)
 Database design
 Threat detection
 Fault tolerance ✅
 Migration planning
 Cost optimization ✅
2. Which of the following AWS Trusted Advisor checks are available for free? (Select TWO.)
 Low utilization of Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances
 Multi-factor authentication (MFA) on the root account ✅
 Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) bucket logging
 AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) policy
 AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) use ✅
3. What does an AWS Trusted Advisor red check status (Exclamation point (!)) mean?
 Action is required.
 Investigation is recommended.
 Services that raised red flags were deactivated.
 Action is recommended. ✅
4. What is the service limit threshold that causes a warning from the service limits check?
 70 percent
 90 percent
 80 percent ✅
 95 percent
5. AWS Trusted Advisor raises a Security Groups - Unrestricted Access red check status (Exclamation point (!)). Which action should be taken?
 Add a rule that forbids all outbound access to the identified security group.
 Add rules that give access to authorized IP addresses to the identified security group. ✅
 Add a rule that forbids all inbound access to the identified security group.
 Transform all public subnets into private subnets.
KC - Security Best Practices
1. What is used to authenticate the Amazon Web Services (AWS) account root user in the AWS Management Console?
 User name
 Key pair
 Access key
 Email address ✅
2. Which type of permissions does an Amazon Web Services (AWS) account root user have?
 Administrator access to all AWS services except managed services
 Complete access to only AWS security services
 Complete access to all AWS services and resources ✅
 Administrator access to AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) and limited access to all other services
3. Which logging service should be immediately activated as a best practice when creating an Amazon Web Services (AWS) account?
 AWS CloudTrail ✅
 AWS Control Tower
 Amazon CloudWatch
 AWS Config
4. What is a best practice when creating a user in an Amazon Web Services (AWS) account?
 Make the password the same as the user name initially.
 Require multi-factor authentication (MFA) for access. ✅
 Include numbers in the user name.
 Make the password 10 characters in length.
5. What is a best practice when setting up your Amazon Web Services (AWS) account to receive billing reports?
 Give the account root user credentials to all employees so that they can create their own reports.
 Create new reports for each AWS user who needs access.
 Create or select an Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) bucket and set up AWS Cost and Usage Reports. ✅
 Edit an existing policy to add new reports to your AWS account.
KC - AWS Security Compliance Program
1. Which type of requirements do security compliance standards address? (Select TWO.)
 Accounting
 Cost
 Billing
 Regulatory ✅
 Contractual ✅
2. Which type of compliance violation can result in criminal penalties?
 Open standards
 Best practices
 Productivity level
 Government regulations ✅
3. Which statement accurately identifies who is responsible for satisfying security compliance requirements in the Amazon Web Services (AWS) Cloud?
 The customer, AWS, and third-party partners are responsible for satisfying compliance standards.
 The customer and AWS share the responsibility for satisfying compliance standards. ✅
 AWS is solely responsible for satisfying compliance standards.
 The customer is solely responsible for satisfying compliance standards.
4. What is a goal of the Amazon Web Services (AWS) business risk management program?
 Analyze security breaches
 Create and maintain security policies ✅
 Provide security training to AWS customers
 Scan customer applications once per year
5. How does Amazon Web Services (AWS) share security information? (Select TWO.)
 By providing all documentation for AWS security compliance on the AWS website
 By publishing information about AWS security in technical papers ✅
 By publishing third-party independent audit reports as requested by customers
 By making the information available through the AWS Artifact portal ✅
 By publishing control practices in a newsletter that customers can subscribe to
KC - AWS Security Resources
1. Which Amazon Web Services (AWS) resources can customers use to make their applications more secure? (Select TWO.)
 AWS Free Tier
 AWS Command Line Interface (AWS CLI)
 AWS DevOps and Automation toolkit
 AWS advisories and bulletins ✅
 AWS account teams ✅
2. Which Amazon Web Services (AWS) resources can customers use to support compliance for their applications? (Select TWO.)
 AWS reference architecture diagrams
 AWS advisories and bulletins
 AWS Auditor Learning Path ✅
 AWS technical guides
 AWS account teams ✅
3. A security engineer discovered a vulnerability in an Amazon Web Services (AWS) service. Where should this engineer report their findings?
 AWS advisories and bulletins ✅
 AWS helpdesk
 AWS DevOps and Automation toolkit
 Amazon Cognito
4. What does Amazon Web Services (AWS) Enterprise Support offer? (Select TWO.)
 A dedicated AWS technical account manager (TAM) ✅
 A dedicated consultant from AWS Professional Services
 A dedicated consultant from the AWS Partner Network (APN)
 A response time of less than 15 minutes for all issues
 Support 24/7 through phone, chat, or email ✅
5. Which statement describes the service that Amazon Web Services (AWS) account teams provide?
 They perform security tests on customer applications, such as penetration testing.
 They guide customers through deployment and implementation.
 They provide customer support for deployed applications. ✅
 They provide customers with compliance reports of their applications.