Python Programming
KC - Introduction to Programming
1. What is a computer program?
 A text file with instructions for the computer that are written in a programming language ✅
 A cloud service that translates human-friendly instructions into machine code
 A language that all computers understand and process
 A graphic document that describes the flow of instructions that a computer can run
2. How does a program that is written in a compiled language run?
 The file that contains the program is compressed before it is run.
 Each statement in the program is translated into machine code and run one at a time.
 The statements in the program are run without any translation.
 The entire program is first translated into machine code before it is run ✅
3. Which process represents the practice of writing software iteratively?
 Write a little > Test it > Write a little more > Test it. ✅
 Write a little > Test it > Write the rest.
 Test a little > Write everything > Test a little.
 Write everything > Test everything.
4. Which type of tool helps with managing updates and coordinating access to source code?
 Backup
 Email
 Instant messaging
 Version control ✅
5. Which option is a version control tool?
 AWS CloudTrail
 PyCharm
 Vim
 Git ✅
KC - Introduction to Python
1. Which languages are considered to be interpreted languages? (Select TWO.)
 C
 Python ✅
 JavaScript ✅
 C++
 GoLang
2. What are the benefits of using an integrated development environment (IDE) instead of a text editor to write code? (Select TWO.)
 IDEs offer a visual approach to software development.
 IDES offer the option to compile or interpret Python.
 IDEs convert code that is written in any programming language into Python.
 IDEs suggest fixes for issues. ✅
 IDEs highlight incorrect syntax. ✅
3. How do you declare an integer variable in Python?
 integer daysInWeek = 7
 var daysInWeek = 7
 int daysinWeek = 7
 daysinWeek = 7 ✅
4. Which Python keyword is used for loop control flow mechanisms?
 if
 in
 switch
 for ✅
5. Which Python keywords are conditional control flow statements? (Select TWO.)
 if ✅
 elif ✅
 in
 is
 for
KC - Python Basics
1. A Python developer is creating a new identifier to store a name. How can the developer name this variable? (Select TWO.)
 customerName1 ✅
 %customerName%
 1customerName
 theCustomersFamilyName ✅
 @customerName
2. What are immutable data types? (Select TWO.)
 Integers ✅
 Strings ✅
 Byte arrays
 Dictionaries
 Lists
3. How can a developer declare a string identifier? (Select TWO.)
 string msg = "I'm a message"
 string msg = "'I'm a message'"
 msg = "I'm a " + "message" ✅
 #msg = "I'm a message"
 msg = "I'm a message" ✅
4. What is the result of the following operation: print (2*3+3**2)
 144
 24
 12
 15 ✅
5. A developer declared the following identifier: msg = "The answer is: " Which action would raise an exception?
 msg2 = msg + "AWS " + 'Rocks!'
 msg2= msg + "'12'"
 msg2= msg
 msg2= msg + 12 ✅
KC - Flow Control
1. Which example represents a conditional statement?
 While the shopping cart is not empty, get the next item, add 10 percent of the value of the item to the reward account, and then remove the item from the shopping cart.
 Grant every customer a 5 percent discount.
 If the customer has already made more than five purchases, grant them a 5 percent discount. ✅
 For every purchase that is more than ten euros, add 10 percent of the purchase to the reward account of the customer.
2. Consider the following code snippet:
 def printCategory (age): 
   if age > 18: 
     print('Adult')
   elif age 65:
     print('Senior Citizen')
   else:
     print('child')
Which message is printed by calling printCategory(70)?

 Senior Citizen
 Adult and Senior Citizen
 Children
 Adult ✅
3. Which statements about the Python while loop are true? (Select TWO.)
 It runs as long as a condition is true. ✅
 It runs a certain number of times.
 It can run indefinitely. ✅
 The condition always involves an integer counter.
 It runs for a certain duration of time.
4. Which statement about Python lists is true?
 Values are separated by semicolons [;].
 They contain keys, and each key is associated with a value.
 They can contain multiple data types [such as string, int, or float] ✅
 They are denoted by braces [""] on each end of the list.
5. Which sequences of flow-control constructs represent conditional statements? (Select TWO.)
 if/elif/else ✅
 if
 if/elif
 if/else ✅
 elif/else
KC - Functions
1. How can a Python developer avoid repeating the same sequence of code several times?
 By making sure that the code indentation is correct
 By writing custom functions ✅
 By using flow control mechanisms
 By using only built-in functions
2. What is a fruitful function?
 A function that takes no argument
 A function that returns something ✅
 A function that takes one or more arguments
 A function that returns nothing
3. A developer is writing a Python function that calculates and returns the value-added tax (VAT) for a price and a country. (VAT is a type of consumption tax that is levied at each stage of a product's production, distribution, or sale—that, is when value is added to the product. In some ways, it can be considered to be similar to a sales tax.) The price is of type float, the country is of type string, and the VAT is of type float. What is the correct definition of the function?
 def calculateVAT(price, country) ✅
 float def calculate VAT(price, country)
 def calculateVAT (float price, string country)
 float def calculateVAT(float price, string country)
4. Which built-in Python function includes a prompt that users can use to enter a value?
 print()
 dir()
 input() ✅
 dict()
5. What is the main reason for creating functions?
 Ability to overwrite built-in functions
 Security
 Reusability ✅
 Ability to use another language in Python code
KC - Modules and Libraries
1. What is a Python module?
 A function that is written in C and that can be used in a Python program
 A built-in function that comes packaged with Python
 The documentation of a Python function
 A set of functions that are grouped together ✅
2. Which function can parse a JavaScript Object Notation (JSON) string and convert it to structured data in Python?
 dump
 load
 dumps
 loads ✅
3. What is the JavaScript Object Notation (JSON) library commonly used for?
 To embed Python code into webpages
 To make sure that a Python program can use Java libraries
 To read and execute JavaScript scripts
 To transform data that will be sent or received over a network ✅
4. What is pip?
 A Python library for working with internet protocols
 A Python interpreter for running Python programs
 A Python documentation generator
 A Python package manager ✅
5. What is the purpose of exception handling?
 To display errors when an unknown module is imported
 To detect and manage errors so that a program does not end unexpectedly ✅
 To display details when a Python program ends abnormally
 To help debug Python code when an issue occurs
KC - Python for System Administration
1. Which function is equivalent to the deprecated os.system() function in Python V3?
 os.uname()
 open()
 subprocess.run() ✅
 json.load()
2. What is a goal of system administration?
 Track source code versions.
 Design database schemas.
 Find defects in applications.
 Ensure system stability. ✅
3. Consider the following code snippet:
def update_environment():
  os.system("sudo apt-get update")
  os.system("sudo apt-get upgrade")
  os.system("sudo apt-get dist-upgrade")
Which part updates the packages in the current operating system?

 apt-get update
 update_environment()
 apt-get upgrade ✅
 apt-get dist-upgrade
4. What is a common task for system administrators (SysAdmins)?
 Troubleshooting network connectivity between the company's data center and the corporate office
 Creating a cloud solution framework to migrate a workload to the cloud
 Developing and deploying patches during maintenance windows
 Installing new hardware or software ✅
5. Consider the following code snippet:
def new_user():
  confirm "N"
  while confirm != "Y":
    username = str(input("Enter the name of the user: "))
    print("Use the username " + username + "? (Y/N)")
    confirm = str(input("")).upper() 
    os.system("sudo adduser " + username)
What is being accomplished?

 Creating a user name.
 Converting the value of username to lowercase.
 Adding a user. ✅
 Adding a user name.
KC - Debugging and Testing
1. What is an efficient way to find and fix errors in a running application?
 Use the print() method to display how the application is running.
 Use a debugging tool for static analysis.
 Use a debugging tool for dynamic analysis. ✅
 Log as many messages as possible in files.
2. What are the advantages of performing static code analysis instead of dynamic analysis? (Select TWO.)
 The exact location of code issues can be identified. ✅
 It offers a step-by-step analysis of the code runtime.
 It can be done at runtime.
 Bugs can be detected early in the development process. ✅
 Compiled applications can be reviewed even if code is not accessible.
3. What is the purpose of assertions?
 To raise errors under certain conditions at runtime ✅
 To log a message when an issue occurs
 To provide a method for writing if statements in a different way
 To provide optimization techniques so that code runs faster
4. Which type of test is the smallest testable part of application?
 Acceptance tests
 Integration tests
 System tests
 Unit tests ✅
5. What kind of test can verify that the different part of software will work together or not when combined?
 Unit test
 Integration tests ✅
 Acceptance tests
 System tests
KC - DevOps and Continuous Integration
1. What is DevOps?
 An agile method to develop software in short cycles
 An organization of software developers who participate in software development and software operations
 A set of tools to build and test software
 A set of practices and a culture that help automate and monitor software development ✅
2. Which type of culture is associated with entrepreneurship and innovation?
 Adhocratic culture ✅
 Hierarchical culture
 Collaborative culture
 Market culture
3. Which phases are part of continuous delivery? (Select TWO.)
 Release ✅
 Plan
 Build
 Deploy ✅
 Code
4. Which phases of the software development life cycle (SDLC) can be automated? (Select TWO.)
 Code
 Build ✅
 Plan
 Test ✅
 Analyze
5. A DevOps engineer is setting up a process that regularly scans a Git repository and triggers a compilation if it detects a new code commit. Which type of automation is being set up by the engineer?
 Delivery automation
 Build automation ✅
 Test automation
 Deployment automation
KC - Configuration Management
1. What is true about a well-organized project?
 Teams work together in the same way. ✅
 Teams work in silos.
 Each team has a dedicated DevOps team.
 Each team follows its programming style guide.
2. Which tool checks for errors and ensures that Python code is well-formatted?
 pyenv
 pylint ✅
 pytest
 pip
3. Which statement about configuration management is true?
 It means using tools to track code changes and to roll back if necessary. ✅
 It is the discipline of managing different teams that are working on a project.
 It means that the work environment for all developers is correctly configured.
 It ensures that code is well-formatted and that it follows style guides.
4. A new developer is working on a project with their team. The new developer is making a few changes to the code. What is the next step for the developer after they update and test the code?
 Check out the code.
 Add a new version to the repository.
 Merge the code into the main project.
 Push the changes to the repository. ✅
5. Which type of tool is used for configuration management?
 Sales reporting tools
 Version control software ✅
 Integrated development environments (IDEs)
 Project management tools