Exam Prep
KC - Assessment Scenario Certification Preparation
1. A federal contractor located in Seattle is expanding their cloud presence to Germany, which has strict rules on data that originated in Germany leaving the region, known as data sovereignty. They know that they will have auditors auditing both regions. What selection criteria should be prioritized for this customer's expansion needs?
 Customer requirements
 Proximity to customers
 Services available within the Region
 Data governance, legal requirements ✅
2. A federal contractor located in Seattle is expanding their cloud presence to Germany, which has strict rules on data that originated in Germany leaving the region, known as data sovereignty. They know that they will have auditors auditing both regions. Which services would be considered global for this customer? (Select THREE.)
 Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2)
 Amazon Cloud Front ✅
 Amazon Route 53 ✅
 Amazon Machine Images (AMIs)
 AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) ✅
3. A financial company is working with AWS for their new website. Administrators update images and related content on a monthly basis. They have noticed that the website's images take a while to load, especially for some of the global customers.
What service would be beneficial for reducing the latency on image downloads?

 Amazon CloudFront ✅
 Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3)
 Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2)
 Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
4. A financial company is working with AWS for their new website. Administrators update images and related content on a monthly basis. They have noticed that the website's images take a while to load, especially for some of the global customers.
Where should the images that are used for the website stored?

 Amazon Glacier
 Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) ✅
 Amazon CloudFront
 Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
5. A financial company is working with AWS for their new website. Administrators update images and related content on a monthly basis. They have noticed that the website's images take a while to load, especially for some of the global customers.
What AWS CLI output format is most readable by a person, and should be selected by the SysOps administrator to show the customer the results of the image search?

 Text
 JavaScript Object Notation (JSON)
 Command
 Table ✅
6. A financial company is working with AWS for their new website. Administrators update images and related content on a monthly basis. They have noticed that the website's images take a while to load, especially for some of the global customers. Which AWS Command Line Interface (AWS CLI) command should the SysOps administrator use to check all the permissions that are needed to run the required action of the image archive before the action is executed?
 --output
 --filter
 --dry-run ✅
 --query
7. A startup tech has just created a mobile app that allows a customer to place a lunch order for delivery with local restaurants through a third party courier. They want to provide the customer and the restaurant with a notification that the delivery has been completed, as the building is secure and all food orders are left in the lobby.
What services could be used to provide the startup's customer with a notification of the food delivery? (Select TWO.)

 Amazon Lightsail
 Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2)
 AWS Lambda ✅
 Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) ✅
 Amazon Machine Images (AMIs)
8. A startup tech has just created a mobile app that allows a customer to place a lunch order for delivery with local restaurants through a third party courier. They want to provide the customer and the restaurant with a notification that the delivery has been completed, as the building is secure and all food orders are left in the lobby.
Which IP address provides metadata service for all the instances associated with the mobile app?

 127.255.255.255
 169.254.255.255
 169.254.169.254 ✅
 100.127.255.255
9. A SysOps engineer working at a local university has decided to launch Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances to reduce their hardware footprint. They are new to AWS and will only need to launch in one region until their business grows. When does user data run when you provision an instance?
 Creation
 Initialization ✅
 Deployment
 Termination
10. A SysOps engineer working at a local university has decided to launch Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances to reduce their hardware footprint. They are new to AWS and will only need to launch in one region until their business grows. What type of Amazon EC2 instance would be a best practice for selection?
 Reserved
 Dedicated
 Spot
 On-Demand ✅
11. A SysOps engineer working at a local university has decided to launch Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances to reduce their hardware footprint. They are new to AWS and will only need to launch in one region until their business grows. What actions should the customer take if they would like new hardware to support the Amazon EC2 instance? (Select TWO.)
 Stop the instance ✅
 Terminate the instance
 Start the instance ✅
 Reboot the instance
 Create a new instance
12. A floral warehouse has just expanded delivery of wholesale flowers and plants to another region of the country and has experienced unexpected growth. They have an online ordering system that promises 48 hour delivery; therefore, they need quick notification of orders to the fulfillment center and a way to track their inventory more efficiently. As a consultant working with a floral warehouse customer that wants to enhance the infrastructure to support the growth, but needs to meet compliance requirements.
Which feature would support the warehouse manager's goal of having their customers receiving real time messages without requiring the customers to make additional requests to the server?

 Request tracing
 Sticky sessions
 WebSockets ✅
 Operational monitoring
13. A floral warehouse has just expanded delivery of wholesale flowers and plants to another region of the country and has experienced unexpected growth. They have an online ordering system that promises 48 hour delivery; therefore, they need quick notification of orders to the fulfillment center and a way to track their inventory more efficiently. As a consultant working with a floral warehouse customer that wants to enhance the infrastructure to support the growth, but needs to meet compliance requirements.
Which failover configuration of Amazon Route 53 would support the warehouse's website so that it is available for the majority of the time, even if there are unhealthy instances?

 Active-active failover ✅
 Active-passive failover
 Mixed failover configurations
 Active-active-passive failover
14. A floral warehouse has just expanded delivery of wholesale flowers and plants to another region of the country and has experienced unexpected growth. They have an online ordering system that promises 48 hour delivery; therefore, they need quick notification of orders to the fulfillment center and a way to track their inventory more efficiently. As a consultant working with a floral warehouse customer that wants to enhance the infrastructure to support the growth, but needs to meet compliance requirements.
What functions does Amazon Route 53 provide for a website? (Select THREE.)

 Routes traffic to the website based on the domain name that is entered. ✅
 Hosting for the website located in different Edge Locations.
 Registers domain names. ✅
 Configures the best route for automatic scaling to a resource.
 Completes health checks of the resource to ensure it can be reached. ✅
15. A floral warehouse has just expanded delivery of wholesale flowers and plants to another region of the country and has experienced unexpected growth. They have an online ordering system that promises 48 hour delivery; therefore, they need quick notification of orders to the fulfillment center and a way to track their inventory more efficiently. As a consultant working with a floral warehouse customer that wants to enhance the infrastructure to support the growth, but needs to meet compliance requirements.
Which services can be used to store session-related information off from an Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instance so that the instance remains stateless? (Select TWO.)

 Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3)
 Amazon ElastiCache ✅
 Amazon DynamoDB ✅
 Amazon Auto Scaling
 Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS)
16. A trucking company is looking to track their fleet better and to ensure that they have updated information on the trucks each time they reach the office. Many of the trucks are out on the road for days at a time, but may be at the office for a break period that can last up to a day.
A trucking company is looking to minimize dependence on their current cloud service provider so they are not "locked in", while increasing their development of various applications. The company is trying to decide if they should use containers or go serverless. They know they only need secure, compute capacity when the trucks are at their home base, which may last a day a couple times a month. Sometimes they support partner companies when they are in town; therefore, they may need to accommodate those users once every couple months. What type of solution would be most ideal for the trucking company?

 On-premises
 Serverless ✅
 Internet of Things (IoT)
 Hybrid
17. A trucking company is looking to track their fleet better and to ensure that they have updated information on the trucks each time they reach the office. Many of the trucks are out on the road for days at a time, but may be at the office for a break period that can last up to a day.
A trucking company is looking to minimize dependence on their current cloud service provider so they are not "locked in", while increasing their development velocity of various applications. The company is trying to decide if they should use containers or go serverless. They know they only need secure, compute capacity when the trucks are at their home base, which may last a day a couple times a month. Sometimes they support partner companies when they are in town; therefore, they may need to accommodate those users once every couple of months. What type of Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instance should be used with AWS Lambda for the most economic benefit, while maintaining security and resiliency for the trucking company's use case?

 Reserved
 Dedicated
 Spot ✅
 On-Demand
18. A trucking company is looking to track their fleet better and to ensure that they have updated information on the trucks each time they reach the office. Many of the trucks are out on the road for days at a time, but may be at the office for a break period that can last up to a day.
A trucking company is looking to minimize dependence on their current cloud service provider so they are not "locked in", while increasing their development velocity of various applications. The company is trying to decide if they should use containers or go serverless. They know they only need secure, compute capacity when the trucks are at their home base, which may last a day a couple times a month. Sometimes they support partner companies when they are in town; therefore, they may need to accommodate those users once every couple of months. Which data streaming service could be added to the trucking company's serverless design to analyze data that can be customized for future applications?

 Amazon Kinesis ✅
 Amazon Cognito
 AWS Lambda
 Amazon Redshift
19. A trucking company is looking to track their fleet better and to ensure that they have updated information on the trucks each time they reach the office. Many of the trucks are out on the road for days at a time, but may be at the office for a break period that can last up to a day.
A trucking company is looking to minimize dependence on their current cloud service provider so they are not "locked in", while increasing their development velocity of various applications. The company is trying to decide if they should use containers or go serverless. They know they only need secure, compute capacity when the trucks are at their home base, which may last a day a couple times a month. Sometimes they support partner companies when they are in town; therefore, they may need to accommodate those users once every couple of months. How many IAM policies support AWS Lambda authentication?

 Two ✅
 Four
 Three
 One
20. A FinTech bank has created a new credit card line; therefore, will need to expand its database to capture new customer profiles and link existing customer profiles to the new card line, while maintaining security and PCI compliance requirements. The bank is entirely in the cloud and provides their customer's with unique financial visualizations about their financial habits. Their customers use a mobile app and website for their account transactions and profiles.
What rationale should be used for selecting Amazon DynamoDB as the database to support the mobile application? (Select THREE.)

 Provides single-digit latency ✅
 Supports document and key-value store models ✅
 Ensures read replicas are highly available
 Utilizes unordered collections of name-value pairs ✅
 Support for Business Intelligence(BI) tools
21. A FinTech bank has created a new credit card line; therefore, will need to expand its database to capture new customer profiles and link existing customer profiles to the new card line, while maintaining security and PCI compliance requirements. The bank is entirely in the cloud and provides their customer's with unique financial visualizations about their financial habits. Their customers use a mobile app and website for their account transactions and profiles.
What Amazon DynamoDB attribute can store name-value pair collections that are enclosed in { }?

 List type
 Binary type
 Metadata tags
 Map type ✅
22. A FinTech bank has created a new credit card line; therefore, will need to expand its database to capture new customer profiles and link existing customer profiles to the new card line, while maintaining security and PCI compliance requirements. The bank is entirely in the cloud and provides their customer's with unique financial visualizations about their financial habits. Their customers use a mobile app and website for their account transactions and profiles.
Which database solution would be the most ideal and cost effective architectural choice for storing the customer's personal profile information indefinitely?

 Amazon Aurora
 Amazon Redshift
 Amazon DynamoDB ✅
 Amazon ElastiCache
23. A FinTech bank has created a new credit card line; therefore, will need to expand its database to capture new customer profiles and link existing customer profiles to the new card line, while maintaining security and PCI compliance requirements. The bank is entirely in the cloud and provides their customer's with unique financial visualizations about their financial habits. Their customers use a mobile app and website for their account transactions and profiles.
What database should be used to track the customer's monthly session data, which can provide insight into the mobile app features that customers use the most and thus help develop cost- effective enhancements for version updates?

 Amazon Aurora
 Amazon DynamoDB ✅
 Amazon Neptune
 Amazon ElastiCache
24. The automotive industry is now developing a specific unmanned ground vehicle (UGV) to be used by the military that provides alerts to the operator of hazardous conditions, loss of connection, or vehicle damage. They know they will need to align with the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) guidelines 800-171 regarding the vehicle's security strength to protect its location at all times. The application used by each UGV will be hosted in its own virtual private cloud (VPC) and run in a private subnet.
What type of network connection should be used to allow the UGV applications to securely share data between each other?

 AWS Direct Connect
 VPC peering ✅
 Dedicated Hosts
 Internet gateway
25. The automotive industry is now developing a specific unmanned ground vehicle (UGV) to be used by the military that provides alerts to the operator of hazardous conditions, loss of connection, or vehicle damage. They know they will need to align with the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) guidelines 800-171 regarding the vehicle's security strength to protect its location at all times. The application used by each UGV will be hosted in its own virtual private cloud (VPC) and run in a private subnet.
The operator has reported the UGV application is unable to send egress traffic after recent maintenance on the computer system. You have already validated that the application has access permissions for data transfer. What troubleshooting step should be considered? (Select TWO.)

 Ensure the correct key pair is being used for data encryption and decryption with Secure Sockets Layer (SSL).
 Validate the security group permissions to the service ports, and the source/destination IP addresses. ✅
 Confirm the network access control lists (network ACLs) provide access to the IP protocols and service ports. ✅
 Review the Amazon CloudWatch log to determine if edge locations are no longer caching the data.
 Determine if the direct connection to the endpoint is causing additional delays.
26. The automotive industry is now developing a specific unmanned ground vehicle (UGV) to be used by the military that provides alerts to the operator of hazardous conditions, loss of connection, or vehicle damage. They know they will need to align with the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) guidelines 800-171 regarding the vehicle's security strength to protect its location at all times. The application used by each UGV will be hosted in its own virtual private cloud (VPC) and run in a private subnet.
The operator wants to view the logs produced by the application in Amazon CloudWatch Logs. What type of connectivity solution should be used to send the application log data to CloudWatch Logs without going through the internet?

 AWS VPN CloudHub
 NAT instance
 Interface VPC endpoint ✅
 Gateway VPC endpoint
27. The local power company has recently installed a new power grid within the community. They are working with the local government to acquire funding for a second power grid, but must show data that shows the cost reductions and how that translates to increased consumption time windows. This data needs to be kept for a minimum of 10 years in case of audit or by inquiry of a government agency. The power company wants to engage the community and gain their support, as their individual and communal power consumption is reflected in the data.
The power company has determined they will access the data at the end of each quarter, but the CEO wants to be able to access this data at anytime without wait. What storage solution would support this use case the best?

 Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3)
 Amazon S3 STANDARD Infrequent Access (IA) ✅
 Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
 Amazon Glacier
28. The local power company has recently installed a new power grid within the community. They are working with the local government to acquire funding for a second power grid, but must show data that shows the cost reductions and how that translates to increased consumption time windows. This data needs to be kept for a minimum of 10 years in case of audit or by inquiry of a government agency. The power company wants to engage the community and gain their support, as their individual and communal power consumption is reflected in the data.
The CFO of the company has inquired why there is a sudden increase in the cost of using Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3). Another department has noted that there is a HTTP 503 slowdown response for any PUT or DELETE requests. What could be the issue?

 Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling has not been enabled
 Elastic Load Balancing (ELB) has not been enabled
 Versioning has been enabled ✅
 Cross-origin resource sharing (CORS) configuration has not been enabled
29. The local power company has recently installed a new power grid within the community. They are working with the local government to acquire funding for a second power grid, but must show data that shows the cost reductions and how that translates to increased consumption time windows. This data needs to be kept for a minimum of 10 years in case of audit or by inquiry of a government agency. The power company wants to engage the community and gain their support, as their individual and communal power consumption is reflected in the data.
The AWS Storage Gateway has encountered a failure, which is causing read and write operations to fail. Upon inspection, you determine that the cache disk is still accessible and useable. What step should be taken to reconfigure the gateway and resume functionality quickly?

 Reconnect the gateway ✅
 Delete the disk from the gateway
 Create a new gateway
 Mount the cache disks to an ephemeral drive
30. A local hospital is preparing for an audit and needs to show that they are in compliance with HIPAA requirements. This includes security, data lifecycle management, and compliance. They have experienced problems in the past with an employee that has accessed patient records that were not relevant to their immediate job tasks. The CEO of the hospital wants to ensure that mitigation to this issue has been resolved and has had the SysOps team employ various AWS monitoring and security services.
The SysOps Department Manager has decided to use tags to classify log groups with Amazon CloudWatch Logs. The CFO sees tagging as an added benefit that will help them obtain a detailed view of costs across the hospital. Which statements describe a tag restriction? (Select THREE.)

 Maximum tags per group is 20
 Tag key length between 1 – 128 Unicode characters ✅
 Tag keys can start with aws:
 Keys and values are case-sensitive in a tag ✅
 Tag value length maximum of 256 Unicode characters ✅
31. A local hospital is preparing for an audit and needs to show that they are in compliance with HIPAA requirements. This includes security, data lifecycle management, and compliance. They have experienced problems in the past with an employee that has accessed patient records that were not relevant to their immediate job tasks. The CEO of the hospital wants to ensure that mitigation to this issue has been resolved and has had the SysOps team employ various AWS monitoring and security services.
A Support Engineer is trying to retrieve AWS CloudTrail log files. What file extension is associated with this type of log file?

 .log
 .gz ✅
 .aws
 .png
32. A local hospital is preparing for an audit and needs to show that they are in compliance with HIPAA requirements. This includes security, data lifecycle management, and compliance. They have experienced problems in the past with an employee that has accessed patient records that were not relevant to their immediate job tasks. The CEO of the hospital wants to ensure that mitigation to this issue has been resolved and has had the SysOps team employ various AWS monitoring and security services.
The Support Engineer has been notified that AWS Config is not aggregating data from an organization within the hospital. After investigation, it is found that AWS Config cannot access the organization's details because of an invalid AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) role. What corrective step should be taken based on this issue?

 Integrate AWS Config and AWS Organizations through an application programming interface (API)
 Enable AWS Config in the source account
 Enable all features in AWS Organizations
 Select or create a valid IAM role ✅
33. A local hospital is preparing for an audit and needs to show that they are in compliance with HIPAA requirements. This includes security, data lifecycle management, and compliance. They have experienced problems in the past with an employee that has accessed patient records that were not relevant to their immediate job tasks. The CEO of the hospital wants to ensure that mitigation to this issue has been resolved and has had the SysOps team employ various AWS monitoring and security services.
A Support Engineer is reviewing Amazon CloudWatch metrics. Which metric will provide her with insight on the number of bytes written to all instance store volumes that are available to an instance?

 DiskReadBytes
 DiskWriteBytes ✅
 DiskReadOps
 DiskWriteOps
34. A local hospital is preparing for an audit and needs to show that they are in compliance with HIPAA requirements. This includes security, data lifecycle management, and compliance. They have experienced problems in the past with an employee that has accessed patient records that were not relevant to their immediate job tasks. The CEO of the hospital wants to ensure that mitigation to this issue has been resolved and has had the SysOps team employ various AWS monitoring and security services.
The Support Engineer is considering the soft and hard limits of the current configuration and trying to determine what resources can be modified. Which resources have soft limits? (Select TWO.)

 ListMetrics ✅
 DescribeAlarms ✅
 Metric Data
 Period
 Actions
35. A local hospital is preparing for an audit and needs to show that they are in compliance with HIPAA requirements. This includes security, data life cycle management, and compliance. They have experienced problems in the past with an employee that has accessed patient records that were not relevant to their immediate job tasks. The CEO of the hospital wants to ensure that mitigation to this issue has been resolved and has had the SysOps team employ various AWS monitoring and security services.
The hospital CEO has requested additional information on what exactly they are responsible for regarding security because they might be asked questions during an audit. Which statements describe the sole security responsibilities of the hospital (customer) that can be supported with by evidence from monitoring? (Select THREE.)

 Resource access ✅
 Hardware and software at or below the hypervisor level
 Customer-stored data ✅
 Network logins ✅
 Patch management at the infrastructure level
36. A non-profit organization has multiple committees that have individual accounts. They are looking at ways to reduce cost, yet ensure that expenses are best utilized across the committees and are finding that individual accounts are no longer working. Since they receive donations, they want to ensure that they can provide use and expense details to their donors when requested.
The non-profit organization uses AWS Organizations to establish authentication and access controls. The CFO has been set up as an IAM user with full permissions on AWS Organizations. The CFO is now trying to make a request to AWS Organizations and keeps getting an "access denied" message. He has called you to assist him with troubleshooting the issue. Which troubleshooting steps should be considered? (Select TWO.)

 Double check that the CFO has valid credentials.
 Instruct the CFO to log out and sign in again by using root credentials to make the request.
 Validate that the CFO has correctly signed their request. ✅
 Ensure that the proper wait period has been completed, and then have the CFO repeat the request.
 Verify that the CFO has the permissions to call the action and the requested resource. ✅
37. A non-profit organization has multiple committees that have individual accounts. They are looking at ways to reduce cost, yet ensure that expenses are best utilized across the committees and are finding that individual accounts are no longer working. Since they receive donations, they want to ensure that they can provide use and expense details to their donors when requested.
The Support Specialist has created an AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) policy for a new employee. Which IAM tag and associated tag condition key should be applied to control the new employee's ability to complete specific tasks based on their identity?

 iam:ResourceTag/key-name
 aws:PrincipalTag/key-name ✅
 aws:RequestTag/key-name
 aws:TagKeys
38. A non-profit organization has multiple committees that have individual accounts. They are looking at ways to reduce cost, yet ensure that expenses are best utilized across the committees and are finding that individual accounts are no longer working. Since they receive donations, they want to ensure that they can provide use and expense details to their donors when requested.
The Director has asked you about AWS Trusted Advisor. What statement do you provide regarding its purpose and function?

 A service the will allow for SSL/TLS certificates to be provisioned, managed, and deployed with other cloud- based AWS services.
 A firewall that protects web applications from attacks. These protection are based on rules that are configured on defined conditions.
 A service the that provides automated security assessments to ultimately improve the security and compliance of an application that is deployed on AWS.
 A customer support service that provides cloud performance monitoring and security. ✅
39. A non-profit organization has multiple committees that have individual accounts. They are looking at ways to reduce cost, yet ensure that expenses are best utilized across the committees and are finding that individual accounts are no longer working. Since they receive donations, they want to ensure that they can provide use and expense details to their donors when requested.
Which is an AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) policy that is supported by tag- based conditions?

 Organize resources by group
 Ability to allocate costs to a user
 Limit Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) application programming interface (API) calls to only development environments ✅
 Run automated start/stop scripts during business hours only
40. A non-profit organization has multiple committees that have individual accounts. They are looking at ways to reduce cost, yet ensure that expenses are best utilized across the committees and are finding that individual accounts are no longer working. Since they receive donations, they want to ensure that they can provide use and expense details to their donors when requested.
Your manager has asked you create business-relevant tag groupings to organize resources. The non-profit organization wants to ensure that resources are being used in the most frugal and secure manner. Which tags would be beneficial for automation? (Select TWO.)

 Confidentiality
 Date/Time ✅
 Version
 Opt in/Opt out ✅
 Cost Center/Business Unit
41. A global travel company has announced a company restructure in order to re-invest profits into customer facing technology. The IT budget has been re-allocated by 20% for the upcoming year; therefore} staff will be forced to make standardizations and efficiencies with the new budget until the new technology generates increased profits. The travel company is planning to deploy a new phone app so customers can book travel. This app will store a lot of personal data about their customers so the customers can book their travel more quickly, including their names, addresses, credit card information, passport numbers, and other details. A challenge is that a hacker could obtain this data or even appear at the customer's home while the customer is on travel.
What potential solutions could the Cloud Engineer use to secure customer information in cloud deployments from hacker penetration? (Select THREE.)

 Application access via edge locations and Amazon CloudFront caches is supposed by automatic scaling for capacity needs" (or something similar
 Automation of secure deployments with AWS CloudFormation and AWS Config
 Data encryption when in transit with Transport Layer Security (TLS) and at rest with AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) ✅
 Permission policies for all types of testing, which is obtained through root credentials and use of access controls ✅
 Network firewalls built into Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC) with the use of Amazon GuardDuty ✅
42. A global travel company has announced a company restructure in order to re-invest profits into customer facing technology. The IT budget has been re-allocated by 20% for the upcoming year; therefore, staff will be forced to make standardizations and efficiencies with the new budget until the new technology generates increased profits. The Cloud Engineer is planning his AWS CloudFormation templates to support the upcoming deployment of the travel company's new phone app.
What is the maximum number of outputs that can be declared per template?

 40
 100
 80
 200 ✅
43. A global travel company has announced a company restructure in order to re-invest profits into customer facing technology. The IT budget has been re-allocated by 20% for the upcoming year; therefore, staff will be forced to make standardizations and efficiencies with the new budget until the new technology generates increased profits.
The Cloud Engineer is trying to implement more automation by using AWS CloudFormation and by having resources make additional calls to AWS. She wants to use AWS CodeDeploy to deploy applications on existing instances. What should be specified if a service role has been defined with the respective role's policy? For example: AWS::IAM::Policy or AWS::IAM::ManagedPolicy

 An IAM Role Policy that acts as a Service Role
 The resources that will use the role; also, a policy dependency must be added ✅
 A template that defines a service role without any dependencies
 An IAM Role Policy that acts as a Resource Role
44. A global travel company has announced a company restructure in order to re-invest profits into customer facing technology. The IT budget has been re-allocated by 20% for the upcoming year; therefore, staff will be forced to make standardizations and efficiencies with the new budget until the new technology generates increased profits.
The Cloud Engineer is reviewing the AWS CloudFormation output fields that were created by a colleague. There is an error within the export output field, but he is not sure what it is at this time. The Cloud Engineer must conduct an error review. What restrictions to cross-stack references for the exported resource output should he consider? (Select THREE.)

 Cross-stack references cannot be created across Regions. ✅
 Values can be imported from any Region that it has been exported previously.
 Names must be unique within a Region. ✅
 An output value can be modified or removed even if it references another stack in one of its outputs.
 A stack cannot be deleted if it references another stack in one of its outputs. ✅
45. A global travel company has announced a company restructure in order to re-invest profits into customer facing technology. The IT budget has been re-allocated by 20% for the upcoming year; therefore, staff will be forced to make standardizations and efficiencies with the new budget until the new technology generates increased profits.
The Cloud Engineer is working with the Department Manager, and she is explaining AWS CloudFormation templates and their respective sections. She explains that as the template is built, the values in one section might refer to another section. Which template section would provide additional information about the template, and would come after the description?

 Resources
 Conditions
 Metadata ✅
 Outputs
46. A global travel company has announced a company restructure in order to re-invest profits into customer facing technology: The IT budget has been re-allocated by 20% for the upcoming year; therefore, staff will be forced to make standardizations and efficiencies with the new budget until the new technology generates increased profits.
Which statements describe best practices for AWS CloudFormation that a Cloud Engineer might require his team to use as a standard for efficiency? (Select THREE.)

 Reuse templates to build stacks for different environments ✅
 Ensure there are no dependencies between layers
 Plan and organize stacks before creating them ✅
 Organize resources in the same stack based on their ownership and lifecycles ✅
 Disperse resources across multiple stacks based on their tags
47. A global travel company has announced a company restructure in order to re-invest profits into customer facing technology. The IT budget has been re-allocated by 20% for the upcoming year; therefore, staff will be forced to make standardizations and efficiencies with the new budget until the new technology generates increased profits.
The Cloud Engineer has received the error Status-start_failed when he tries to launch another Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instance. He has verified that there are 20 instances. Which actions can he take so that the new instance can be created? (Select TWO.)

 Request a limit increase ✅
 Launch a different type of instance
 Create the instance again
 Delete excess instances ✅
 Place the instance in another account
48. A global travel company has announced a company restructure in order to re-invest profits into customer facing technology. The IT budget has been re-allocated by 20% for the upcoming year; therefore, staff will be forced to make standardizations and efficiencies with the new budget until the new technology generates increased profits.
The Cloud Engineer is troubleshooting one of his employee's AWS CloudFormation stacks. The employee stated that she made some changes to the stack outside of AWS CloudFormation. He located the stack ID and is working with AWS Premium Support. What implications could this have on the stack?

 The stack should be recoverable with modifications in AWS CloudFormation
 There will be no impact to the stack or the respective templates
 The stack's templates will need to be re-configured
 The stack might be in an unrecoverable state ✅
49. A startup tech has just created a mobile app that allows a customer to place a lunch order for delivery with local restaurants through a third party courier. They want to provide the customer and the restaurant with a notification that the delivery has been completed, as the building is secure and all food orders are left in the lobby.
What steps would be required of the SysOps administrator if they want to change an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume from gp2 to io1 to accommodate the restaurant's growth? (Select THREE.)

 Take a snapshot of the Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume. ✅
 Change the setting of the Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)volume so that it scales.
 Create a new Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume. ✅
 Make a soft limit request with AWS.
 Delete the old volume. ✅
KC - Scenario Test Strategy Practice
1. A federal contractor located in Seattle is expanding their cloud presence to Germany, which has strict rules on data that originated in Germany leaving the region, known as data sovereignty. They know that they will have auditors auditing both regions. How should access be provided to auditors?
 Identity federation
 IAM Role ✅
 IAM User
 Root account
2. A SysOps engineer working at a local university has decided to launch Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances to reduce their hardware footprint. They are new to AWS and will only need to launch in one region until their business grows. What is the first step when you launch an Amazon EC2 instance?
 Launch access and control permissions.
 Select instance type and size.
 Determine the Amazon Machine Image (AMI) that will be used. ✅
 Provide configuration details.
3. A trucking company is looking to track their fleet better and to ensure that they have updated information on the trucks each time they reach the office. Many of the trucks are out on the road for days at a time, but may be at the office for a break period that can last up to a day.
A trucking company is looking to minimize dependence on their current cloud service provider so they are not "locked in", while increasing their development velocity of various applications. The company is trying to decide if they should use containers or go serverless. They know they only need secure, compute capacity when the trucks are at their home base, which may last a day a couple times a month. Sometimes they support partner companies when they are in town; therefore, they may need to accommodate those users once every couple of months. Which statements describe when the company might find that containers are a more ideal option? (Select THREE.)

 Desire to manage the resources and their respective policies, and oversee security. ✅
 Have a requirement for portability and maintaining a status of vendor-agnosticism. ✅
 Move software from one environment to another through isolation. ✅
 Ensure that the Cloud Service Provider provisions the infrastructure and manages capacity.
4. A FinTech bank has created a new credit card line; therefore, will need to expand its database to capture new customer profiles and link existing customer profiles to the new card line, while maintaining security and PCI compliance requirements. The bank is entirely in the cloud and provides their customer's with unique financial visualizations about their financial habits. Their customers use a mobile app and website for their account transactions and profiles.
What AWS service should be prioritized for the bank's database if they want to graph connected data on their customers' financial behaviors?

 Amazon ElastiCache
 Amazon DynamoDB
 Amazon Aurora
 Amazon Neptune ✅
5. The automotive industry is now developing a specific unmanned ground vehicle (UGV) to be used by the military that provides alerts to the operator of hazardous conditions, loss of connection, or vehicle damage. They know they will need to align with the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) guidelines 800-171 regarding the vehicle's security strength to protect its location at all times. The application used by the UGV will be hosted in a private subnet.
What needs to be updated after establishing a network address translation (NAT) gateway for the unmanned vehicle application so operators can connect and retrieve location data securely? (Select THREE.)

 Specify a public subnet for creation ✅
 Update the route table ✅
 Provide access through relevant security groups
 Specify an Elastic IP address for association ✅
 Implement redundancy in different Availability Zones
6. A local hospital is preparing for an audit and needs to show that they are in compliance with HIPAA requirements. This includes security, data lifecycle management, and compliance. They have experienced problems in the past with an employee that has accessed patient records that were not relevant to their immediate job tasks. The CEO of the hospital wants to ensure that mitigation to this issue has been resolved and has had the SysOps team employ various AWS monitoring and security services.
The SysOps Engineer is troubleshooting an Amazon CloudWatch agent used to publish log data to Amazon CloudWatch Logs, which will then be archived. What output is displayed in the AWS Command Line Interface (AWS CLI) when you verify that the CloudWatch agent is running? (Select THREE.)

 Action

 Version ✅

 Effect

 Status ✅

 Start Time ✅

 7. A non-profit organization has multiple committees that have individual accounts. They are looking at ways to reduce cost, yet ensure that expenses are best utilized across the committees and are finding that individual accounts are no longer working. Since they receive donations, they want to ensure that they can provide use and expense details to their donors when requested.

 The Support Specialist has noticed the service control policies (SCPs) in AWS Organizations has exceeded its maximum size. She has begun removing some of the white space characters outside the quotation marks.

 What is the maximum size of an SCP document so she can correct the error?

 1,510 bytes

 2,048 characters

 10,240 characters

 5,120 bytes ✅

8. A global travel company has announced a company restructure in order to re-invest profits into customer facing technology. The IT budget has been re-allocated by 20% for the upcoming year; therefore, staff will be forced to make standardizations and efficiencies with the new budget until the new technology generates increased profits.
A Cloud Engineer is working with AWS CloudFormation, and is determining which situations to apply the WaitCondition and Creation Policy attributes. Which situations should the WaitCondition be applied to, in addition to the CreationPolicy? (Select TWO.)

 Coordinating the creation of stack resources
 Sending responses to resources within an AWS virtual private cloud (VPC)
 Automatically scaling resource
 Tracking the status of configuration process ✅
 Tracking the configuration of Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances ✅
9. The local power company has recently installed a new power grid within the community. They are working with the local government to acquire funding for a second power grid, but must show data that shows the cost reductions and how that translates to increased consumption time windows. This data needs to be kept for a minimum of 10 years in case of audit or by inquiry of a government agency. The power company wants to engage the community and gain their support, as their individual and communal power consumption is reflected in the data. The CEO has decided that the company will now begin processing the big data in real time through the use of Amazon Kinesis. The architecture has been developed with, an intermediate and backup Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) bucket for potential delivery failures and source records.
What other services should be used for transformed records after they are processed by Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose? (Select TWO.)

 Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
 Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3)
 Amazon Redshift cluster ✅
 Amazon Elasticsearch Service (Amazon ES)
 Amazon Glacier ✅
KC - Cloud Computing
1. What is the pricing model that enables AWS customers to pay for resources on an as- needed basis? (Select the best answer.)
 Pay as you buy
 Pay as you reserve
 Pay as you decommission
 Pay as you go ✅
2. All are a cloud deployment model EXCEPT:
 Platform as a service (PaaS)
 Software as a service (SaaS)
 System administration as a service ✅
 Infrastructure as a service (IaaS)
3. True or False? AWS owns and maintains the network-connected hardware required for application services, while you provision and use what you need.
 True ✅
 False
4. Which of these is not a primary benefit of cloud computing over on-premises computing? Select the best answer.
 Eliminate guessing on your infrastructure capacity needs
 Benefit from massive economies of scale
 Increased speed and agility
 Pay for racking, stacking, and powering servers ✅
5. All are benefits of AWS Cloud computing EXCEPT (Choose two):
 High latency ✅
 Temporary and disposable resources
 High availability
 Multiple procurement cycles ✅
 Fault-tolerant databases
6. What is a reason businesses are switching to cloud computing?
 Instant configuration
 Finite infrastructure
 Increased speed and agility ✅
 Over provisioning
7. True or False? Cloud computing provides a simple way to access servers, storage, databases, and a broad set of application services over the internet. You own the network-connected hardware required for these services and AWS provisions what you need.
 True
 False ✅
8. Economies of scale result from ___. Select the best answer.
 having to invest heavily in data centers and servers
 having hundreds of thousands of customers aggregated in the cloud ✅
 having many different cloud providers
 having hundreds of cloud services available over the internet
9. What are the three ways to access AWS services? Select three responses.
 Software development kits SDKs ✅
 AWS Management Console ✅
 AWS Command Line Interface AWS CLI ✅
 Calling technical support
 Through the AWS Marketplace
KC - Cloud Economics
1. For certain services like Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) and Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS), you can invest in reserved capacity. Reserved Instances are available in what three payment options? (Select THREE.)
 Scheduled Instance (Sl)
 Partial up-front reserved instance (PURI) ✅
 No up-front (NURI) ✅
 All up-front capacity reservation (AUCR)
 All up-front reserved instance (AURI) ✅
2. What type of AWS data transfer is free for Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3)? (Select THREE.)
 Up to 1 GB data transfer OUT from Amazon S3 to the internet ✅
 Outbound data transfer from Amazon S3 to Amazon CloudFront ✅
 Outbound data transfer from Amazon S3 to all Regions
 Data transfer IN to Amazon S3 from Internet ✅
3. True or false? To receive the discounted rate associated with Reserved Instances, you must make a full, up-front payment for the term of the agreement.
 False ✅
 True
4. There is no charge for which of the following? (Select TWO.)
 Outbound data transfer
 Inbound data transfer ✅
 Compute
 Data transfer between services ✅
 Storage
5. How often do you pay for compute resources from the time you launch a resource until you terminate it with the "pay as you go" pricing model?
 Daily
 Secondly and hourly ✅
 Quarterly
 Monthly
6. As AWS grows, the general cost of doing business is reduced and savings are passed back to the customer in the form of lower pricing. What is this optimization called?
 Economies of optimization
 Economies of scale ✅
 Economies of labor
 Economies of scope
7. True or false? AWS offers a variety of services at no charge. For example, Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC), AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM), consolidated billing, AWS Elastic Beanstalk, AWS Auto Scaling, AWS OpsWorks and AWS CloudFormation. Although there is no charge for these services, there may be charges associated with other AWS services used in conjunction with these services.
 True ✅
 False
8. When are free AWS data transfers applicable? (Select TWO.)
 Free inbound data transfer across all AWS services in all Regions
 Free outbound data transfer across all AWS services in all Regions
 Free outbound data transfers within the same Region, within the same Availability Zone, and that use a private IP address ✅
 Free inbound data transfer for Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances ✅
9. True or false? Unlimited services are available via the AWS Free Tier to new AWS customers for 12 months following their AWS signup date.
 True
 False ✅
KC - AWS Global Infrastructure
1. Which component of the AWS global infrastructure does Amazon CloudFront use to ensure low-latency delivery?
 AWS Regions
 AWS Availability Zone
 Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC)
 AWS Edge Locations ✅
2. You can run applications and workloads from a Region to ___ latency to end users.
 increase
 maintain
 measure
 decrease ✅
3. True or False? Each Availability Zone is designed to be isolated from failures in other Availability Zones.
 True ✅
 False
4. Which of the following are geographic areas that host two or more Availability Zones?
 AWS Regions ✅
 Compute zones
 Edge locations
 AWS Origins
5. ___ means the infrastructure has built in component redundancy and ___ means that resources dynamically adjust to increases or decreases in capacity requirements.
 Fault tolerant, elastic and scalable ✅
 Fault tolerant, no human intervention
 Elastic and scalable, no human intervention
 Elastic and scalable, fault tolerant
6. True or False? Availability Zones within a Region are connected through low-latency links.
 True ✅
 False
7. Which of these statements about Availability Zones is not true? Select the best answer.
 A data center can be used for more than one Availability Zone. ✅
 Availability Zones are connected to each other using high-speed private links.
 Availability Zones are designed for fault isolation.
 Availability Zones are made up of one or more data centers.
8. What is true about Regions? Select two responses.
 Each region is located in a separate geographic area.
 Regions are the physical locations of your customers.
 Each region is a physical location that has multiple Availability Zones. ✅
 All regions are located in one specific geographic area.
9. AWS highly recommends provisioning your compute resources across ___ Availability Zones. Select the best answer.
 single
 no
 multiple ✅
 all
10. True or False? Edge locations are only located in the same general area as Regions.
 True
 False ✅
KC - Compute
1. Which category of service does Amazon Lightsail belong to?
 Infrastructure as a service (IaaS)
 Platform as a service (PaaS) ✅
 Function as a service (FaaS)
 Software as a service (SaaS)
2. True or False? You can launch multiple instances of different types from a single Amazon Machine Image (AMI) when you launch an Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instance.
 False
 True ✅
3. If your project requires you to run monthly reports that iterate through very large amounts of data, which Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) purchasing option should you consider?
 On-Demand Instances
 Spot Instances
 Dedicated Hosts
 Scheduled Reserved Instances ✅
4. Which Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) feature ensures your instances will not share a physical host with instances from any other AWS customer?
 Dedicated Instances ✅
 Amazon Virtual Private Cloud
 Reserved Instances
 Placement groups
5. With the "Pay as you go" pricing model, what is the billing interval for compute resources from the time you launch a resource until you terminate it?
 Monthly ✅
 Daily
 Quarterly
 Hourly and by the second
6. Your web application needs four instances to support steady traffic all the time. On the last day of the month, the traffic triples. What is the most cost-effective way to handle this pattern?
 Run four Reserved Instances constantly, then add eight On-Demand Instances on the last day of each month. ✅
 Run four On-Demand Instances constantly, then add eight more On-Demand Instances on the last day of each month.
 Run 12 Reserved Instances all of the time.
 Run four On-Demand Instances consistently, then add eight Reserved Instances on the last day of each month.
7. Which of the following must be specified when launching a new Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) Windows instance? Select two responses.
 Amazon Machine Image (AMI)
 Password for the administrator account
 Amazon EC2 instance ID
 Amazon EC2 instance type ✅
8. Why is AWS more economical than traditional data centers for applications with varying compute workloads? Select the best answer.
 Customers can permanently run enough instances to handle peak workloads.
 Customers retain full administrative access to their Amazon EC2 instances
 Amazon EC2 costs are billed on a monthly basis.
 Amazon EC2 instances can be launched on-demand when needed. ✅
KC - Identity and Access Management [IAM]
1. In the shared responsibility model, AWS has the responsibility of providing what?
 Security in the cloud
 Security of the cloud ✅
 Security to the cloud
 Security for the cloud
2. In the shared responsibility model, which of the following are examples of "security in the cloud?" (Select TWO.)
 Protecting the global infrastructure
 Which AWS services are used with the content ✅
 Compliance with compute security standards and regulations
 Physical security of the facilities where the services operate
 In which country content is stored ✅
3. Which of the following are some of the security benefits that AWS offers? (Select TWO.)
 Shared collaboration model
 Infrastructure that meets compliance requirements ✅
 Inventory and application management
 Data storage
 Secure global infrastructure ✅
4. True or False? AWS is responsible for the security of everything above the hypervisor layer.
 True
 False ✅
5. Which of the following is the responsibility of AWS under the shared responsibility model?
 Managing custom Amazon Machine Images (AMIs)
 Configuring third-party applications
 Maintaining physical hardware ✅
 Securing application access and data
6. Which resource provides trusted users with temporary security credentials that can control access to your AWS resources?
 AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) User
 AWS Security Token Service (AWS STS) ✅
 Application authentication
 AWS Command Line Interface (AWS CLI)
7. Which of the following are AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) best practices? (Select TWO.)
 Leave unused and unnecessary users and credentials in place.
 Provide users with default administrative privileges.
 Monitor activity in your AWS account. ✅
 Rotate credentials regularly. ✅
 Do not use groups to assign permissions to IAM users; provide each user with their own set of custom permissions.
8. True or False? AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) is appropriate for operating system (OS) and application authentication.
 False ✅
 True
9. Where can a customer find information about prohibited actions on AWS infrastructure?
 AWS Billing Console
 AWS Trusted Advisor
 AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)
 AWS Acceptable Use Policy ✅
10. True or False? The access key and secret access key are used to log into the AWS Management Console.
 True
 False ✅
11. True or False? Using AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) groups is the recommended way to manage the permission of IAM users by job function.
 True ✅
 False
12. After initial login, what does AWS recommend as the best practice for the AWS account root user?
 Delete the root user account
 Delete root user access keys ✅
 Revoke all permissions on the root user account
 Restrict permission on the root user account
13. How would a system administrator add an additional layer of login security to a user's access to the AWS Management Console?
 Enable multi-factor authentication (MFA) ✅
 Audit AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) roles
 Enable AWS CloudTrail
 Use Amazon Cloud Directory
14. Which of the following are advantages of AWS Cloud security? (Select TWO.)
 AWS infrastructure security auditing is periodic and manual.
 AWS uses single-factor access control systems.
 You retain complete control and ownership of your data Region. ✅
 AWS retains complete control and ownership of your data Region.
 AWS uses multi-factor access control systems. ✅
15. What is AWS Trusted Advisor?
 A Professional Services offering hat helps you migrate to the cloud.
 A partner program that helps you validate your application deployment.
 An online tool that helps you configure resources to follow best practices. ✅
 An AWS service that helps you manage access to your account.
16.Which of the following are included in AWS Assurance Programs? (Select TWO.)
 Laws, regulations, and privacy ✅
 Industry best practices
 Certifications and attestations ✅
 Customer testimonials
 Partner validations
17. When you create an AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) policy, what are the two types of access that can be granted to a user? (Select TWO.)
 AWS Management Console access ✅
 Administrative root access
 Institutional access
 Authorized access
 Programmatic access ✅
18. The AWS risk and compliance program is made up of which of the following components? (Select THREE.)
 Risk management ✅
 Information security ✅
 Physical security
 Automation environment
 Controlled environment ✅
KC - Amazon Virtual Private Cloud [VPC]
1. Which AWS networking service enables a company to create a virtual network within AWS? Select the best answer.
 Amazon Route 53
 AWS Config
 AWS Direct Connect
 Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC) ✅
2. What is the minimum size subnet you can have in an Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC)?
 /30
 /26
 /24
 /28 ✅
3. What is the maximum IPv4 address range size you can have in an Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC)?
 /30
 /28
 /24
 /16 ✅
4. You must allow resources in a private subnet to access the internet. Which of the following provides this capability?
 Network access control lists (network ACLs)
 Route tables
 Security groups
 Network address translation (NAT) Gateway ✅
5. True or False? Private subnets have direct access to the internet.
 True
 False ✅
6. Which component of the AWS global infrastructure does Amazon CloudFront use to ensure low-latency delivery? Select the best answer.
 AWS Regions
 AWS Availability Zones
 AWS edge locations ✅
 Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC)
7. Which of the following is an optional security control that can be applied at the subnet layer of a VPC?
 Security group
 Firewall
 Web application firewall (WAF)
 Network Access Control List (NACL) ✅
8. What happens when you create a new virtual private cloud (VPC) with Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC)? Select the best answer.
 A main route table is created by default. ✅
 Three subnets are created by default, with one subnet for each Availability Zone.
 Three subnets are created by default in one Availability Zone.
 An internet gateway is created by default.
9. How many internet gateways (IGWs) can you attach to an Amazon VPC at any one time?
 4
 1 ✅
 3
 2
10. You are a solutions architect who works for a large retail company that is migrating its existing infrastructure to AWS. You recommend they use a custom Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC). They will need a public subnet for their web servers and a private subnet for their databases. They require web servers and database servers to be highly available, with a minimum of two web servers and two database servers each.
How many subnets should you have to maintain high availability? Select the best answer.

 4 ✅
 2
 3
 1
11. What is used to divide an Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC)?
 Classless Inter-Domain Routing (CIDR) block
 Subnet ✅
 Availability Zones
 Route table
12. What defines a subnet?
 Route table
 Classless Inter-Domain Routing (CIDR) block ✅
 Instance
 Availability Zones
13. How many IP addresses in a subnet are reserved by AWS?
 Three
 Four
 Two
 Five ✅
14. Which statement describes an elastic network interface?
 A static IPv4 address designed for dynamic cloud computing.
 Enables the creation of a private connection between your Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC) without requiring access over the internet or through a
 network address translation (NAT) instance.
 A virtual network interface that you can attach to an instance in an Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC). ✅
 An Amazon managed resource designed to operate like a network address translation (NAT) instance, but is simpler to manage and is highly available within an Availability Zone.
15. True or False. Within a Region, you can create multiple Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC) and have complete control of the network configuration for each VPC.
 True ✅
 False
KC - Storage
1. True or False? Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) is an object storage suitable for the storage of flat files like Microsoft Word documents, photos, and so on.
 True ✅
 False
2. Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) replicates all objects ___.
 on multiple S3 buckets
 in multiple Availability Zones within the same Region ✅
 on multiple volumes within an Availability Zone
 across multiple Regions for higher durability
3. Which of the following can be used as a storage class for an Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) object lifecycle policy? (Select THREE.)
 Amazon Simple Storage Service Glacier ✅
 Storage gateway
 Amazon DynamoDB
 S3 - Reduced Redundancy Storage
 S3 - Infrequent Access ✅
 S3 Standard Access ✅
4. The name of an Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) bucket must be unique ___.
 within a Region
 across all of your AWS accounts
 worldwide across all AWS accounts ✅
 within your AWS account
5. What can you use Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) for with your web application?
 Store static content such as images, video, CSS, JavaScript, and so on ✅
 Generate user-specific content
 Distribute static and dynamic content
 Host a robust content delivery network (CDN) to deliver entire websites with dynamic, static, and streaming content
6. Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) is recommended when data ___. (Select TWO.)
 must be stored in a different Availability Zone than the one the Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instance is in
 requires object-level storage
 must be quickly accessible, requiring long-term persistence ✅
 requires an encryption solution ✅
7. True or False? By default, all data stored in Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) is viewable by the public.
 True
 False ✅
8. Regarding Amazon Simple Storage Service Glacier, what is a vault?
 An object (photos, videos, files, or documents)
 A container for storing archives ✅
 A policy that identifies who can access content stored in Amazon S3 Glacier.
 The rules that determine who can (or cannot) access archives
9. True or False? Access control lists are used to make entire buckets public, like one hosting a website on Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3).
 False ✅
 True
10. Which of the following are features of Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)? (Select TWO.)
 Amazon EBS data is automatically backed up to tape.
 Amazon EBS volumes can be encrypted transparently to workloads on the attached instance. ✅
 Data on an Amazon EBS volume is lost when the attached instance is stopped.
 Amazon EBS is automatically replicated within an Availability Zone. ✅
KC - Databases
1. You are designing an ecommerce web application that will scale to hundreds of thousands of concurrent users. Which database technology is best suited to hold the session state in this example?
 Data warehouse using Amazon Redshift
 NoSQL database table using Amazon DynamoDB ✅
 Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3)
 Relational database using Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS)
2. You need to find an item in an Amazon DynamoDB table using an attribute other than the item's primary key. Which of the following operations should you use?
 Query
 Scan ✅
 GET
 POST
3. Which AWS Cloud service is best suited for online analytic processing (OLAP)?
 Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS)
 Amazon Redshift ✅
 Amazon DynamoDB
 Amazon Simple Storage Service Glacier
4. In Amazon DynamoDB, an attribute is ___
 a data value
 a fundamental data element ✅
 a collection of items
 an operation on a table
5. When you create a table in Amazon DynamoDB, in addition to the table name, you must specify the ___ of the table.
 sort key
 local secondary index
 global secondary index
 primary key ✅
6. ___ is up to five times faster than standard MySQL databases and three times faster than standard PostgreSQL databases.
 Amazon DynamoDB
 Amazon Redshift
 Amazon Aurora ✅
 Amazon Neptune
7. If you are developing an application that requires a database with extremely fast ___ performance, fast scalability, and flexibility in the database schema, which database should you choose?
 Amazon Redshift
 Amazon DynamoDB ✅
 Amazon ElastiCache
 Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS)
8. True or False? Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS) automatically patches the database software and backs up your database, storing the backups for a user-defined retention period and enabling point-in-time recovery.
 False
 True ✅
KC - Billing and Support
1. What are the four support plans offered by AWS? Choose four answers.
 Individual
 Developer ✅
 Enterprise ✅
 Start-up
 Basic ✅
 Business ✅
2. What are the characteristics of the Developer Support Plan? Select two responses.
 One primary contact can open a case ✅
 Unlimited contacts can open a case
 Assigned to a Technical Account Manager (TAM)
 24/7 access to Cloud Support Engineers via email, chat, and phone
 Business hours access to Cloud Support Associates via email ✅
3. Which of the following is not available in the Business Support Plan? Select the best answer.
 Access to Cloud Support Engineers for technical issues
 Access to a Well-Architected review delivered by AWS Solutions Architects ✅
 Access to third-party software support
 Access to the Personal Health Dashboard and the AWS Health API
4. Which of the AWS Support levels offers 24/7 support via phone or chat? Select two responses.
 Business Support ✅
 Basic Support
 Developer Support
 Enterprise Support ✅
5. Your company's IT management team is looking for an online tool to provide recommendations to save money, improve system availability and performance, and to help close security gaps. What tool can help the management team?
 AWS Config
 AWS Trusted Advisor ✅
 Configuration recorder
 Cloud Detective
6. AWS Support has five different severity levels for support cases. What are they? Select five responses.
 Medium
 High ✅
 Criticial ✅
 Urgent ✅
 Normal ✅
 Low ✅
 System Down
7. What is the response time of urgent issues for Enterprise Support Plan customers? Select the best answer.
 1 hour or less ✅
 12 hours or less
 30 minutes or less
 4 hours or less
8. A Basic Support Plan allows how many support cases per month? Select the best answer.
 1
 5
 0 ✅
 10
9. What will AWS Trusted Advisor tell you? Select three responses.
 Whether or not you are using fault tolerance ✅
 How well the infrastructure is performing ✅
 Deployed resources that are not being used, but are incurring charges ✅
 Assess the risk of a single Region deployment
 When security groups have been closed
10. Which AWS Support plan includes the assistance of a Technical Account Manager (TAM)? Select the best answer.
 Basic Support Plan
 Developer Support Plan
 Business Support Plan
 Enterprise Support Plan ✅
KC - Cloud Architecting
1. Which of the following is not one of the four areas of the performance efficiency pillar in the Well-Architected Framework? Select the best answer.
 Traceability ✅
 Monitoring
 Selection
 Tradeoffs
2. Which is not a characteristic of the Amazon EC2 Scaling service? Select the best answer.
 Responds to changing conditions by adding or terminating Amazon Elastic
 Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances
 Sends traffic to healthy instances ✅
 Launches instances from a specified Amazon Machine Image (AMI)
 Enforces a minimum number of running Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances
3. Which options will help increase the availability of a web server farm? Select two responses.
 Use Amazon CloudFront to deliver content to end users with low latency.
 Deploy the instances in an Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC).
 Launch the web server instance across multiple Availability Zones. ✅
 Add more CPU and RAM to each instance.
 Leverage Scaling to recover from failed instances. ✅
4. Which design principles are recommended when considering performance efficiency? Select two responses.
 Utilize serverless architectures ✅
 Democratize advanced technologies ✅
 Promote expenditure awareness
 Enable traceability
 Match supply with demand
5. Which AWS offering enables customers to find, buy, and immediately start using software solutions in their AWS environment? Select the best answer.
 AWS Marketplace ✅
 AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS)
 AWS SDK
 AWS Storage Gateway
6. In a physical data center, security is typically considered in what area? Select the best answer
 In an edge location
 Only in the perimeter ✅
 In the closest availability zones
 In the closest region
7. To view all categories of instance metadata from within a running instance, which URL should you use? Select the best answer
 https://196.245.196.245/latest/meta-data/
 https://169.254.169.254/latest/meta-data/ ✅
 https://245.196.245.196/latest/meta-data/
 https://254.169.254.169/latest/meta-data/
8. What is defined as the ability for a system to remain operational even if some of the components of that system fail? Select the best answer.
 Fault tolerance ✅
 High availability
 High durability
 DNS failovers
9. Which best describes a system that is always available, without the need for human intervention? Select the best answer.
 Elastic
 Fault tolerant
 Highly available ✅
 Scalable
KC - Balancing - Scaling - Monitoring
1. Which of the following AWS tools help your application scale up or down based on demand? Select two responses.
 AWS CloudFormation
 Elastic Load Balancing ✅
 Scaling ✅
 Auto Availability Zones
 Agile Load Balancing
2. Which service would you use to send alerts based on Amazon CloudWatch alarms? Select the best answer.
 AWS Trusted Advisor
 AWS CloudTrail
 Amazon Route 53
 Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) ✅
3. Which is not a characteristic of the Amazon EC2 Scaling service? Select the best answer.
 Responds to changing conditions by adding or terminating Amazon Elastic
 Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances
 Enforces a minimum number of running Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances
 Launches instances from a specified Amazon Machine Image (AMI)
 Sends traffic to healthy instances ✅
4. Which of the following must be configured on an Elastic Load Balancing load balancer to accept incoming traffic?
 A network interface
 A listener ✅
 An instance
 A port
5. What are the minimum elements required to create an Auto Scaling launch configuration. Select three responses.
 Block device mapping
 Amazon Machine Image (AMI) ✅
 Launch configuration name ✅
 Security group
 Instance type ✅
6. How long does Amazon CloudWatch keep metric data? Select the best answer.
 15 months ✅
 2 weeks
 12 months
 1 month
7. Amazon CloudWatch supports which types of monitoring plans? Select two responses.
 Basic monitoring, which has an additional cost
 Basic monitoring, which is free ✅
 Detailed monitoring, which is free
 Ad hoc monitoring, which has an additional cost
 Detailed monitoring, which has an additional cost ✅
8. Which of the following is a type of Elastic Load Balancing health check? (Select THREE.)
 A ping ✅
 An Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instance status check.
 A connection attempt ✅
 A page request ✅
 A key pair verification
9. What are the three types of load balancers that Amazon Elastic Load Balancing offers?
 Network Load Balancer ✅
 Internet Load Balancer
 Classic Load Balancer ✅
 Scaling Load Balancer
 Compute Load Balancer
 Application Load Balancer ✅